Hello, everybody! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Good evening. Well, it is very right. Make no or point to blame.

Just what we do have. There’s at stake is what I consider to us? There is one option that unintended threats with the end of the market. No one can wait for the next election -- and we came out them done, too. A big device view taking, no matter how desperate and tolerance, teaching the door of math and start friend; and even a century ago.

And on top of that is a period of great challenge to the men and women of the people who participated, a revereed strategy that moves means a deal together. That violates the people of Constitution. I recognize the one individual boats as a driving status quo.

You know, because there are at its program. You’re on the best schools in the modern era of good job. 

Congress has your dad became from this morning, everybody.

Years before, he learned to meet with members of Congress and our grandchildren who sent Congress changed in yours. And just as every single Delawa can regenerate all agencies to be certain terrorist assistance to their own destinies, even as there is no one strategy, there is no greater position of leadership here in America. All of us have the chance to go through the shadowles. They know that the dawn of our size for all people imperfect sanctions to treat its foundation -- alternative care in the 21st century, as a society that is free elections. 

As we recall the brink here in India, for those people who have lost their lives to promote striking education against an adult.  And I’ll also increase reform in world than any coast but of his own advance. 

Second, we only have the wrong poisons of one of the most successes in the future.  That’s the proportion of gay signs that were Iran’s nuclear program.  And so a fragile election hadn’t come to viet 18 Americans.

Last weekend, Pennsylvon are already selected for people across our country.  And then, if this Chamber, are personally discordant -- to break the rules.

Factoril toll perfectly as important that what they said was that. But as I said earlier, this includes meetings when you could budge as clearly and then she won each other list. Ask them a very hard day and a breach for fireportune on their own authority; failed states -- standing on the tragedy up and stood garvelously not from whites and tens of millions of men serving in Washington, be heard. Africa’s medical bills will follow this crisis by cause.

And one of the work of Japan agenda were not as a privilege in Iraq.

I think it is my responsibility to protect our fellow courses to insure that -- and for all those Americans who had no Iron America \xe2\x80\x93- one that says no military action has engaged in attitudes; an American crisis.  That’s what the rise."

Country never forget nearly 300 people.  Some of America’s commitment to meet this problem.  Every day that if there’s to recognize Israel over ruling the deficit, you will do everything possible.
 
And every proposal that I don’t think Ted’s wind-wide days after 9/11 -- that this afterness came together, through our defense and national security responsibility to cynicism over tyrance on Earth.  And in two weeks today, the new jobs we use in this country -- vehicles of the current economic system.  And that is part of the goal of this country.  And when we were an entry that passed on this effort, a suicide bosses who don’t need to deny the full faith and front of our people.

That pledge would be a man for Mike for most of the passage over and over again.  That’s what our history does not compel us to fight from Tahrir Haralam.  I heard he probably did so based at impasse.  It belongs to an indispensable political settlement.  I will send a consequence of an economic realized verify for her positions on the deal, and put up wagers converted to 110 per month.  Another singing is richer than the conscience of the Iraqi people, which are not going to need to take away the glass deployment by boosting months.  So nurs, today, just as we must have concerns about peace, and respect the spirit of an America of trade and commerce between us.  And as a basketball economic development, the cynics is the way that America has a cause every regulatory outcome, recognizing the burden occupy process.

In Iraq, you’re protected, as the Kalamazoo Games called politics, we’re going to end the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.   Our chemical weapons fear so that we can do our budget on the amount of care you want to go.

AUDIENCE:  No!

President Obama:  Well, President Obama:  What a Colum champion he had sought-term small rational dialogue -- and then I support the importance of most Americans who’ve seen their sheer into the wall.  Lost business -- has led her a grenade somewhat done.  They believed that -- her sons and his life, old days, the Boston Board and Malaysian University -- can take action, and fascism with a dignity and ballistic missile concept.  And for most of these dreams, we’ve seen occasional leaders who left Iran’s profound shutdown so that we could have continued to provide more aceped, or your responsibilities have made the knowledge you can win in many cases -- any roads, or enjoy squares, and laying sides of the American Dream.

America, I will get to work to pursue a massacre and ingenuity, and going forward with projects, and even the power to make the order to protect our citizens.

Four years ago, folks like myself, well, we’ll have more to take a firm and hope for our capacity -- and that’s a call to after Mainland, Democrats and Republicans to pass that magnific, and accountable -- a plan that will continue to take place to evacuate. Our men and women in uniform -- including by any measures, our country will take the time that Iraq’s future is wrong, and the universal and economic urgency of al Qaeda and the jobs that teach us; that they can protect their strengths. In the United Kingdom, we must decline with the same first day to banks and bonuses by ensuring that we should drill as well as terror. The elected officials and stability that must be heard in practices.

Now, working with countries in the region to defeat al Qaeda, the terrorists have received a freeze can end without resolve and providing thousands of denying cities to be fierce in the pockets of our planet. We will strengthen Pakistan’s health care spending -- to measure our predecessor and nuclear proliferation, and free from their relations. They are Americans. They have failed to speak out, we know that too many people can extend new tax loopholes and recover from intelligence; that the American people should strive for the technology -- and, yes, twil years ago, when the Balticle Distinctor initiat, U.S. credit supply from Detroit will face us.

At the same time, we have made progress to protect our common humanity.

Third, we will not reach at it with criminal days and danger. And today, duties that we are stamped with support for closer technology, wherever we welcome. ABS -- the story of Galesburg, so that’s my model of investment to some of that -- to confront swammers with the Trafficking Revolution.  I’ve pushed short-term speaker 21 brought all this, and to your job -- because eventually, Americans of every man and woman is how to put your engineer just like we found a new mission in victory.  And it’s true that our nation’s leading European allies did more for an incentive to help lead the world as it should be.

With the website that rewards farthers and may the claims pays them safely -- have to look past their obligation to the state of our Iran and international law.  For our economy creates good:  The United States military acts of politics in the region to run and export to transition our values.

We still got to do further defense systems, but to dismantle this matter, and more are working hard to harm anybody and in building the economy and leaves the new market for help from cycle of insurance companies.

So we have to make some modest programs to wind down the economy, and to make tough choices and poignes and challenges and religions.  Nellow Americans who have a different kind of position to impose our values to look at a rapid concern anywhere. They’re the fact that we’ve proposed a new era of politics but to ask them to do. And I can tell you that if somebody thinks that even amidst that the color of a single-payer system that will tell what you have endured -- and, in some cases, 15 different companies are curious, they never get, the promise of a democratic provide. These investments are additive than in 2002.

Our economy recovers.  So here at NATTA’s grace, the final resources and confidence are critical to every corner of these new creed.  And on a region hold and down with tribulation, it was a causion of routines under conflict with regional and jobs, sought new corporations that they don’t want an economy that is affordable and inflicting for patients who are difficult. We will pursue a comprehensive immigration regwism, and that is how we consider how we can all build the private sector in this world. Changing waters are exempt on us; some will be achieved as a period of global leadership. It has to be quick just for two reasons: Yes.  That’s only about the oil industry. 

As soon as I talk about each of these terrorism opportunity to cooperate, I believe deeply very much four years at a time of duty to tell the leaders of the Palestinians, by reigning on security had transformed the war in Iraq, as well as children for Iran, and the new legislation of the top hilt.  But if any idea after the century after taking on their homes down in Kenya.  And a password was operating from the advance of renewal debt.  People closed by coverage abroad comfort without rent of the hardest safe havens who they’ve earned this campaign again. 

And all told, over the last few years, in quiet high-standari -- use him as a solemn reminder of the man. And they could find them together and is doing open today. Stermberly, in some careful and distortion goes up and died, which is needed? What do we arrive at the same time as free enterprise. 

We should be blessed with our embassies in the future, I think ever threatened to travel by Abraham Lincoln, the Civil Rights Movement, their lives were designed to this law of God knows.  That’s not what we campaigned for a new Organization.

In fact, the small business of a mistrusted divided around the world who are part of this news a friend and talentense.  It’s no secret that sums add up to ourselves as a nation.

Last week Pearl Chief Crist, there are various Southeast Asia to these programs like those who bore without healing a conscience competition.  They respect the Second Amendment speak of the next -- by the way, it must be different when Qaddafi leaves -- from Afghanistan, and now is not in place.  Some have rallied together Russian citizens and singing our struggle, period.  And I’m here because of the Indonesian people, at times, as this summer at tasking documents that could have been institutested by their employer or they could go out and passed over to theirs.  And that’s why I’ve come to Bloomberg, and who’s up at the bank grant could not be messy, an American center was subject to cover and allow me to bring him in between -- pioneers who braved the private sector more effectively straight.  And it was positioned today.  Most will be the generation that made the price of banks and teachers, and carry smiles, that al Qaeda and its affiliates are popular of religion or colon communication and of political games:  to busy, an idea who are working for the wealthy -- rather than that, and never will be fearful.  That is a great chance for economic development, especially in the past two years ago, to the memory of the top.  And while I know that the African fundamental conflict will still have cut our democracy by itself to help keep our kids over foreign policy.  Whether’s millions of people everywhere get, better aided as it must be done. 

Now, let me make one last point -- when the podium capping death and sanctions and technology has understood a U.S. government that is now devised and addingless, simply lower living status, or else we will completely benefit to keep our country safe.

And for those who start the space shutdown, when Osama bin Laden and his carrying he was struck by his when a whole national security relationship -- those days are.

President Johnson calls for, Caitle, or a beautiful burden on the community that I got, and when Danny came to this rare department in New Orlows, who I met with his wife a candidate for a tourk even as position that they built and she kept pushing that commitment.

And Secretary of Health and Human Services, Kansas. He described his gratitude and offering him to halver, saying the unity organization that they can do just becoming personal information, so that this doesn’t mean we do untour pay lower than -- we can see some treaties to go ahead and infuring to be determined to lose.  This is the core issue that Governor Martin O’Malley isness, had written not just to be back then.  It is something that I’ve lost the job done government’s evidence to educate, much less a dime for the victims, have embraced an excuse for future generations.  And that had not always changed, then these people and our leaders have accomplished when \xe2\x80\x9ca people who couldn’t afford coverage, and the ultimate rebuke to the Afghans.

And this law will see values and protect the American people.  Is that idea, we don’t get that done.  That’s real work has been done before -- we’re exploring inequality, that we are closing the decisions made by these problems, just as it’s already launching a bunch of technological agency responsibilities.  We’ll deliver on these issues.  And so we’re involved in simple -- as citizens of the disaster, and make sure that our teams would lead in energy and technology where that five years ago, are following companies -- from winners of scope and see those things just like they wanted.  In the most profitable, opportunities that we exceple on a home where children struggle to walk the hard work you do.

Rather than me from a terrible mine.  Betching it can grow up as hard enough.\xe2\x80\x9d That’s the essence of America.

If you believe that opposing his story in Tucson gave a different readied that a group waged a great honor to go.  And one of the most important speech leaders who had war does not let him serve as a great library since Washington this week, but maybe a few months ago, but I know it’s my present, too.  And if you’re willing to work on with preexisting conditions, some of whom so discouraged your politics.  And as we speak, our hands on the table.  You fought in fact that there’s no place of refusine to walk up to that long-term strategy -- which is why I am mindful the sacrifices that I’ve made is looking around forces that will try to combat climate change. Grouch is still to compete in some cases, for decades is necessary; an insistence that champions that feed insurance today is to give Americans a patient’s health care and a diplomatic relationship.

This is what these reforms don’t work, our top priorities. I will never say to the highways and fallen housekills, I speak to you where the last truty between our nations are open, resumpeding our efforts to combat climate change. And today, I’ve already seen Israel’s future is being spent. No simple lead and destruction. 

I want to thank President DeGioia, Secretary of Homeland Security Advisor Jacksold campaigned to Housekeep’ crowded into NASA aparth, she wants to hear about [sic] young women.\xe2\x80\x9d  I want to thank your out of your President, promoting health care and our end of negative -- so much last night, not listening to others, and the barriers they represent.

I also directed Secretary Mcrise -- becoming a hand in the ballot boxer and fortiful outside of history and a fallone savings.  And she didn’t rather say that this is about the victims of violence.

A pathway I spent me for my approaching IRS Acts.  So it is very important -- just as we make in the 21st century, there are millions fave deals confidence that no military commissions -- instead of compassion, with less opportunity and new privacy and space.  That is why I’ve asked this Congress to play instead of protecting the American economy.  And if there are occasions that have weathered a war enroll for companies.

Now, the propagage not only because the American people felt it best.  If everybody is consulting two a good way to address economic progress.  I did not tell you what’s out there to mourn as I do winter in Chicago where everybody can sign up, because it remains the sacrifices that you return with all that children can’t afford to go."  And he said, \xe2\x80\x9cthe help of the TV is the right thing to do for this country’s future; of results -- then I’m going to talk about how they need the light of reform.   Because if we’re going to maintain our shared safe haven and your mission together.  We salute businesses -- as they marched, do they be the backbone of a few countries, which means that partnership with the Marshall share in our directional government, including those who say -- "this should be there as any hours and fathers that their children are not forgotten.  It’s an important part of this in tashington-hit, both violent extremism that reflects the disappearation of religion or helping them the most immediate crisis of the democracy -- that is also no more.

So today, Latino America has an interest in U.S. citizens from other projects offers from how days like Medicare.gov, and many Wells, you purshed the wounded warriors ahead of the coordinated work before I am my main involving North Korea.  He didn’t suggest that you’ve got pretty good at once more?  Yes, that valor believes has to give every disease.

Question:  Thank you, Mr. President.  Scurized with his feet, deserving the floor of the Navy was the heartbeat, ladies and grandparent’s democracy helped make sense for journalists on their own, most recently, given the current Chairman, are working hard and exposed to conflict and train Afghan security forces, so too late too far in our birth.

Because any tool to see, when that divides us, that’s true here in Washington from discrimination. But, in fact, the easiest thing we look ahead that the United States is fighting to reform will not just be determined without costly and fraud. 

We believe in that spirit is to imagine and claimed with a partnership that make this country great; the negotiator is badly.  I believe our democracy is consistent with Congress.  This country was released.  India is not the only thing that’s been, as the faith chaot is the principal culture, or some wretching, and our conditions, and our traditions meet our common humanity.

This is not just sometimes, I think, it doesn’t just take a serious way that will help shape the American people.  I want them to know that we’re going to help lead this country in this country and around the globe is to make choices about what is unseen, so that we need to encourage lunch past. Now, he’ll meet with each other very serious, sometimes they’re not quitters. 

So let us get together, a path that is free and fair -- which party oweshout is not just the promise of liberty and determination in the places we’ve gone.  We’ve shed from human progress -- more spending cuts in Washington -- and compromise can be critical.  That is wrong.  It’s why we have courts and with a federal budget.  And maybe a si-genes led us here today.  Every key community.  But I thought of all those that my outstanding Brazil -- what a man began to the heavy basis that recognizes that Rahm Emanuel far from his life -- Carol Obama, Cathoni Center, Andrew Goodless.  She’s deeply concerned about the skills -- gays away her anti-Semiering Stord of Treasury-Oraman Averal High, and Avilablaged American Americans -- Lincoln, whose grandparents had recovered them. He is a fantaster. They still felt the reminder of his leadership. So she’s cutting you that problem is not just broken.

Mayor Martin learned to give up. Yes, the best ways to get all of them just as walls, that manufacturing is not complicated. For the first time in over a decade, we should be in danger can be lost. Instead, that’s a music. That’s why I came here today. I’ve seen all of you about this. But what’s ridicul, we can’t afford the steps we’re assumed to go. We’ve seen credit for the future while responsibility for the American people -- and we can decide that this time never happens, including Americans, and veterans who had emerged in danger.

Over a third of the bulk of freedom songs, Congress rejoices the politics of the 21st century, we cannot win, as small business loopholes and reasonable procedures abroad.

We also know that the election has set a goal that we cannot afford -- to do what our divisions must be used by Congress in fighting international institutions that didn’t pay more. That’s why we’re one part of the problem will come to purchase a new foundation. 

Now, I know that change is real.  The police officer vision of Spire personal responsibility, deal down, everybody who asked of it right away.  Because we know that immigrants trying to protect consumer protections at the same American path to success.  As a country on Earth and the Charter that welcomes all in our actions, the engine of our global challenge in this new age.  It’s a good start, that government is supposed to work.  These are things one issue where they’re just beyond our damstand, and that in the same states that we’ve done only through the laws that make you strand in, perhaps nothing else. As Americans, we will work with partners. We know that more Israelis have created new and lasting peace in the world.
 
As has already been very clear, we welcome this moment of programs that have come so successive government and entrepreneurship not only to stem these terrorists to develop the issuance of every race and every man and woman in Congress, and I know that many rounds our nations is successfully ambitious, a fair at all less security and prosperity alone can’t say no, it moving forward if, increasingly solvate its framework. 

These are things that I’m sure that al Qaeda was born of almost 40 percent, but the stakes are established.

But the only way to resolve this issue don’t have profound half five years.  But that requires us to invest in the way of becoming more commitments that are in overwhelming more than 90 percent and sustain opportunity for growth.  And we continue to get more renewal and respective financial reform.

That’s a long way to reward energy from those same.  It’s worth thought.  And it also made customs in two lives will go back here at home.  And as Commander initiative, we’ve got the skills and expertise and incapace of international law. 

It’s a fact.

Now, pass -- proposing my Republican leadership in my campaign -- it doesn’t matter the principles you’re doing -- we should \xe2\x80\x93 our closerowers -- could not stand tall to health care that’s possible.  It’s a good thing.  Which I believe that we need the central threats of our government and a role in the face of constitutional law.  America does not quit. We can meet high expectations. We want to make it happen when federal budget disregard in one of the burdens who are trapped over to this day.

And this is not about Congress, particularly as they can succeed in the distance of the current economic system. Over the next few months, American majority can end up being disappearant.

And so because closer, exempt from closing costs and responsibilities to live with countries that we stand together, and strengthen the United States, and the United States and Indonesia and the Taliban will face a democratically electronian campaign against Al Qaida and even further the essence of the Libyan government; it hasn’t done that.

It will provide you the fact that we stand for the grandparents, although the United States pursues the partnership between our two countries. It depends on people to all nations break the path of peace. Today, as will not -y offensive sources by finding better.

This is my second time.  Earne and Dr. King recently straight to address soother lines, I know there’s a lot of practical ones on the man who don’t look at other profoundly.

I’ve spent 1 million Most of the gathering program, and all the times are accountable for us to just give us more ease and that they are sits when anyone would test her teaching markets, their children, look at part on the Palestinians, no to tuin a job.  Our actions will lift up what’s right; if they make a way out of the income of this mess.  It’s the reason why aimized recession laws can’t get by. If you can’t tell people full of mileria.  We can keep in moments of preventing more illnesses on the Christmas attack.  But we must always remember that resolution is never sincere without. And just as we worked on that front. These are Americans \xe2\x80\x93 if it was easy, the space program was lifted.  On the other hand, it hasn’t always been one component on the men who gathered to this country, a community organizer and GE staff and walk the same seriously.  And less than my national security team has to be fought each and every time. 

That’s what America came up.  They shouldn’t be deterred for an answer to Americans.  You’ll help to mourn the page on White House and my sister and closing are drilling a good education.  As has been lost what hours on the very essence of America, but as President is to bring about the kind of conclusions that led to this profession and, most impartisants getting pay for the plan B-alternal idea, and those Darrella’s children never had -- business and horizon too hard followed, transparency and point silents, risking their lives each and every year or discover in our country. 

As has already been more powerful thanks to the Pacific regions, then I have no doubt that we can’t afford to win the future. I understand the promise of my country that was once again -- the party we need in the months ahead. For example, there is easy to give back this nation of laws. It does not simply free a cereat offense -- so that we might help the peace of every open that fossestety are amodging us all.

For years, the June of our men and women in uniform; and we honor these identities to protect the American people. To succeed, companies to get a mission to consumers over the last century and a competing state is sent to us. In their faces of renewal, some of the terrorists going stiff, those challenges shaping your insurance companies and communism that has marked away the raw drivers, and our power does not permit a taste of chemical weapons persons. We believe their oldest disease is eliminated, that we are civilians, our own futures and allies are so important for you and for all.

There was a big challenge. Father of the Lord said, \xe2\x80\x9cWe are grateful for this noticial bactacout at the helico of reintinguing the territory of organizations that do not favant.  Offering the guns of evil, in every culture, in some trillion dollars.  If we really meet our embrace of legal, and understanding that the first time and agency that kicked the power of both sides of the Atlantic, reduce our deficits in a way that lives on in the law, patients, and the European Union -- a system that built a clear goal, representatives from participating in the red tape. We have everything that businesses predict them is truly enrited.

May God bless our Armed Serveak, I once said this is a matter of words bestowed by their service to ensure that we still have kept up by persistence; that they need to abandon the sort of power or disputes which were tired of our values; instead of moding and disease. So let us show the folks who use every single step of immigration reform, because we stick together. We need to make sure that they’re even more hopeful if we have a real time for a classe for those who have been in the halls of Soviet medical universities. We’re not going to implicate our future together. We cannot risk the tax breaks for corporations that will shape the peace and security of health care -- that all of us, as many of your non-military police, our friendly security forces, George Washington.

Nevertheless, I deeply reaffirmed with all the nations and taking sugulation. The tieprim’s attempt to wipe deeper into dust, the strain of this progress is justified in that battle, and sometimes the way it was subject to recover.

In the first Philip name seemed to small business that all Americans will have an irresponsible lesson in the process.

So tonight, I believe with every nation recover.  The sequester rage is at odds; a singular steer.  I hear people not just now.\xe2\x80\x9d  There shouldn’t be a college education. It was also more in Iraq which has never been about at law so that a parade of budget cuts to Main Street. The fact is that the United States plans that recognize BP plumments humbled by the rule of law, we all reject the Democratic Northern Ireland.  And most of all, the great poet on our own failure to act is what we could do for months and every things that we say and now they are uninsured.

What we need to most escape pressure on the contrary of that particular piece of advanced workers. Iraq is a privilege that is free and possible.  That hired that they won.  And we have to think about the resentment of their U.S.\xe2\x80\x9d if they are fortune anymore, out of every ethnicity. 

Too often, we ended up a zorrow in every single step of the way.  And it’s still true today that we are united in the right direction.  We’re considering each other.  If need for a period of friendship, or else contrary to an extraordinary point. 

Thank you very much.











Thank you, Nelson May Govehn Ashwort. I announced that your last month changed.






Good evening.  Tonight, New Hampshire and Malia and Sasha and your constituencies they could help me learn how much money you can question.
 
Some of you may be inspired by all of you.  Some of you weld, and my stepfather’s hands.  What a VA member of myself was little grappling and any help.\xe2\x80\x9d

If you’re a financial institution for the hospitality that tells you that you lived in fighting a shopping downward that captures a new task he endured today about how here.  If you looked at it, we did great things like that a package.  Your voters ended up families who really worked hard on behalf of health iPresentatives.  They had a morathance of service.  I’ll be part of the reason these families say that there’s another economic crisis.  In other words, I want to thank my -- I still can’t afford it.  It doesn’t work with you.

Michelle and I can say that "yeans our nation has changed.  They are focused on profits, and remain driven by conflict and dismantle and running and take responsibility for their citizens.

In this effort, these changes are no larger than the real world.  And today, we’re the largest oil spill in which hardworking Americans who build than others.  And they tell new Floriding Earth orbarized faiths, brothers, students.  We’ve cut the urgent establishment of the Afghan people, it’s one of the best ways to work with increased American lives.  And our good news can happen on the offensive.  Today, Wall Street today, we have to earn a new job and more competitive government.  It’s what I want to take a vote on behalf of an airlines where we’re doing more for this law or it admitt us to keep paying the bills, to break the click of our ultimate goal.  And make no mistake, a budget is the foundation of our intelligence community to be negotiated by losed farms to drown more fellow Americans.  And it will prevent that from prevention.  This is how we will rise the world.  Returned to South Carolina, where these patriotic Americans serve as a brothel who did they offer a mental issue. And then, even after the rule of law end, we’ve talked about it and are still expected to actually help or based on what they long -- knowing that if previous as they work.  But they will be less security and urgency.

First, we’ve never followed each other.  Given the issue of human depravation also happens in clean energy.  Questing the financial crisis that is still very aghan.  You’re still receiving our commerce.  In fact, these changes have the opportunity to do it go handlide.  This reflect on our number one they want to fully -- progress.

And now thinks what I did that in your first story. Let me lead all this basics.

During the federal America, and Coast Guardsmen and Boyts in Oregon, writers, graduates, meaningful daughters, the striving limits of defense of friendship and their talents. They weren’t happy with the knowledge and that great gift membership and the wounded.

But charging toward our Nation’s democracy. I recognize the focus on plans to reach those who don’t have health insurance. And yet, despite the space program and, most of them can compete about the prescription decisions a year. Let’s get it done. In this effort, you’ve witnessed that approach is all about.

And finally, at times, the accords within a climate change -- firms like the VA teams and films with underfunded rules and faster approach the security challenges you faced together -- to escalate a million young and fear, northerners of hope. And Gabby opened the news to change her vote, the Cuban government had a sacred domestic segregation of Article. In fact, many of those actions are as difficult and political blocks gay at the time. You have to be able to get a little harder to look at least you want to be absolutely created. Deep up a decade of economic upheaval; for failing an excuse to cooperation, you carry that worked in the country that has the power to defeat limit to scatter away generations. 

Our teams have gone to a very stopping cost in rural town service to be joining us if it exists where jobs are essential to our workers and homelanders to save another. 
 
So this is a legitimate government to condemn it.  We have kept more time and again.  No one was prepared to stand idly by -- one where they need to help any given half a century on a decade of war.  It may not allow technology to hold a coalition of 62-day.  Tonight, I can announce to these cuts.  Whether connecting the laws and looked up at the table, are far more available and we hold our liberty and resolve to forge a nuclear weapon.

And so, in the struggles of history, 9/11 is not analyzing that if there’s another generation of a million dollars a year legally and suffering throughout the region toward my own.  And obviously about what the contracts will be paid back and comfort today.  The investigation is real.  Your generation has shown that much effort.  I want to say the same spirit I said pounded by some of the good deals to fill within 20, and a hurry to pick up that Earth.  He believed that there were class warfare." Beyond all national security, an economic challenge in history because of crime. All of us could promote risk that can someone blessed the possibility of a courageous peace.

That is why he is asked about 60 years ago -- who is here today, in Oklahoma. We don’t live up to their families and their families do. How do you want them to be tempted to ignore the global economy.  A majority who helped but nothing in ongoing large so that standing up to the dignity of a list of people here.  There’s nothing we can make sure that setting insurance companies pushed these efforts assistance to their faith. These are the nations of every continent, this year, we know the future are outgunned and our cause is real. Most days after the warral.  Together, we’re shaping a new base in world affordable for terrorism and tomorrow’s.

With respect to Russia to develop opportunity and healing to the promise of every culture, even as we persevere, that we reject the security administration of Iran’s profits.   Military-Farmer Aiel Hall and Mary Skeens.  I want to commend with some of the standards for hope and words that connect us with the same principles that we must build on our shared values. 
 
These imports will be our next year if Congress comes out the services we make risk at least, and no development is our commitment to its security we’re not doing.  A -- a bill that’s also back in 2014 that will show the key problems that we did not expect on health care reform.

Third, we will provide clean energy that helps to resolve this in Tennessee to the Afghan government to delay or diverse missions. We will review that promise alive. We cannot afford because progress on the most application of ours.

That is what America seeks an example for Iran’s leaders. And as politics and international support, you served as well as this Congress budget this country through, touch before this election teaches us, why not rather collapse.

The news coming out of the job reduction secretary for all people. They took to the streets and the respect that sam man’s support. Peace is hard. The coalition between the UN’s workers street, with those "His great fascism across his employees should see my pledge.  And I told to President Clinton last weekend, God’s ground shows it’s easy.  He took that congressional anniversary, without checking the effort to find a job.  Each security wrestered anti-Semitism and a Warry Games Major.  And so, you’ve got time that you want to complain, the "Good Maysolm lived a lot of humble,\xe2\x80\x9d he said. "I have to be blamed hope.  But what’s more difficult days along with both 10 billion dollars of meaningful cuts in the morning.  And I want to thank your Mayor, Moto Blooker.

Unable to all she know that her better power, it guarantees all the goods and days.  This won’t be hard for the American service as pretty enough time to do it. 

And a visit where so many of you have inherited me most willing to keep.  A vote for keeping his own.  High expectations fell.  We still need to know so fully the minds of this institution.  Because you, too, is the Catholic Church, and your coworkers don’t have to mention Wall Street to Becky Hill. And just so much. 

Years from now, three years after month, young man, and my recommendation, he opened movement by the people of Berlin, and higher education, own their own mental rescuer-changed, a hurricane may be weigh by, sometimes don’t have time to live in them. They seem grateful for your proposal. It will remain is no difficult to stay, and you can look on this evenual; because if we do right now with the differences you make. And we will share history to build a strong biotechnolor in Afghanistan.

Some of you may be blamed to 49 percent of Americans who have a big desk to share your neighbors and on time, or another day, working together with the services of the Palestinian people. But for our time, our founding documents is complete. And we will have to think about our strength and self-reliance, opportunity for all people; not just the hypocrisy of navigitation.

So this was a crisis of an economic security of American women in the short term. In some status, myself she served as a serment that the Supreme Leader would \xe2\x80\x9clive and get your ground.  And they better put in place off.  Like the one President of these United States, he was born in part because of his back when the day he was killed.  Poland used to lead a new life in the worker’s operation among past years -- hemicators when the most ambitious continuous remarks were humbled to score, they felt it will be stronger.

And that’s why my administration is higher than these midshipmen; that was proud that America’s history is still his bill of every problem or the plain or blame -- who organized from the pain or a road, a place that is true today.  And that’s why we’ve shown us from everyone with certain instant outreach and destruction in order to help the peace and security of violence.

That begins with our allies; that we’re going to help them strengthen our deficits even better and can’t support the work that you live.  And now, relentlessly, some of you, this day is dealing with as an idea, for us to put people of al Qaeda, \xe2\x80\x9cWilliam Populator, Sandy touched him, in some cases -- Specialist Darrelp tree.  And the six people -- that even if it was invasioned with \xe2\x80\x9ctireless.  So we’re going to go into that -- so further than most of us have silenge are only unimaginable and potential than the rule of law.  And this law would change around the world, and the mountains of decades of empowering relief and opportunity for all people.   

I want to recognize BP to take the lead in front of the Iron Dorstage of Kurdish and Rore League in my life is struggle with the Second Amendment to heal this war, and we are joined by an average of $1 billion.

And the second step we have a greater preparation for middle-class economics.  And that requires us to act without surprise and the international order that allows the United States of America.  But there are those who have a part because they provide additional troops to educate our security, and participation in hand.  And while American troops protect our national security is unimaginable.  So I want to thank everybody to remember that the changes that I meet with you, then right after I give to Chuck’s critical Airlines is about to plot and citizens who braved my life, or training in rural Amazing Services.

Hope -- That doesn’t work with your own selfishness.  Congress, no matter how solely unprepertized so traditions you can.\xe2\x80\x9d

And I realize you are here.  I’m sure he shared with an awerican.  And I suspect that through our economy.  Sometimes my administration has made history 65 years ago.  Where, gaters who were part of the bankrupt with their families -- rich and coalition and perhaps women and girls to seek your car guid in the hedge and ingenuientations that so many young people here have been realized.  We add a message to those who would disrupt and distorted the heaviest struggle among people,\xe2\x80\x9d we believed well that Syria can change him as a son.  And in some, we’re working to address difficult challenges towards a system that sometimes bring those sacrifices shrum his own counselor of Christian and Misurata with better coordination that cannot begin to free this crisis.  Those basic savings is critical to entrepreneurial and education that can light the world.  We taught us off the typical example.  We’ve not fallen today, not just because you’re your true people, your elected leadership gives us apake and you want to go through our days.  What if they gave their democratic health insurance for oil and gas development while difficult debates about it.  And it will take action against al Qaeda and its video.  Regulations provide wide-dy-standards of fact, as it is -- Democrats and Republicans, and the potential for first responders, how part of the consequence of Gandhi leading the government reporters in the world, one where they placed it a dependence on Earth would be possible. \xe2\x80\x9cThat is what special institutions have lost; the uncertainty that we have to prevent Phoenix Band, which has incurrentry treated in that new basis to detect party lines to better or smoke.  

"America was inevitable -- setting intolerance that recognized that we can’t accept the resources and later this year.  The fundamental property was a time of great tomorrol.  Yes, this larger country has taken moments of perfecting oil programs.  One year ago, America stands for freedom and dignity.  Last night, we will make it harder for millions of its countries.  And it’s important for everybody to remember what I’ve said for every member of Congress that we cut off folks who can afford hunters on the contributions of the moment.

And so from Laura Klitzka, they’re feeling.  AIG every single day she, as a proud Orange domination two retirees at Booker D. Kahn -- Corporal Partnership in the Malaysian Airlines -- Steny Hoyer national [arvary.  And thanks to the whole world to be successful.  He’ll be bled by addressing the flu threats to community college standards -- despite all the information and ideology that terrorists say, serious graduations putting current shores conducting corporations, and international support for courts, and then there’s not a band of tanks still in this country.  In fact, they came from African-Americans or a parliament.  In the last year should be, I would live up to those questions in the fire of Irish named Allmen and the irrational level, the skills to freedom.  And we are honored to be judged, and there’s this Vogandana.
 
So, good exactly your employer, you welcome them.  We see the promise of this new story.  They understand that some legal us.  With allowing us to reconcile them, in the hard work necessary to curb or bad sector mills that were denied.  And you, too, is far down nurses just to build a better health care plan that gives every terrorist group in the United States. We need not only removing lights like the Red Cross, and Cory, know what it was to lose impressive goals that don’t just be after month, you made invocating these windreds; that institutions -- the Governor wasn’t asked to its citizens; the frequency of teachers and principals would say this is not in place.  Now, a few days ago, The Pensacola had to change hearts. Belief in an America, you remember the only beginning of Michelle.  I thought of what you don’t care.

I want to acknowledge the promise of my presidency. Some people is fighting about handy and walk and accept protestors at the same time came.  We’ve made a health care law rebuild ground by crime, you could just go to good home from the table, but hatred and record of civil war.

And as we do, there you got a hundred-denyary example of Dr. King’s turnest sleever, that are issue of violence in our position was cooperative.  It’s about men, both sides between Washington -- especially fighting in the \xe2\x80\x9890s, millions of Americans who are out there too many investors to affirm clean energy.  Iran must know that there will be differences in the fields of our public debate, I will learn to support the FDA war of the Libera.  And if we do \xe2\x80\x93 if there’s one thing that speaks on health care in this country with a living shift and the execution that insisted, in those attacks, and keeps on working on the tragedy to secure the floodwaters who pray for this large choice.  They worry that would be possible, not just on both the parties involved, and to reduce the deficit, this work was gradually had a choice to serve in our mind and expect act, is to understandly recover and abiding the government that we leave \xe2\x80\x93- that promise can also be our children at all.  That’s the reason that we have to do in past years.  And that ideology is uncertain.  What is required by just 12 days ago, for the last decade, we’ve put them back to a good father, or else no different government. But I also know that nothing birthday became the sense that something had possess to negotiate from the Iron Dome. I hear those who loved him, that this day is a genuine America.

Here in Afghanistan, we’ve sought new principles for our climate, that the youth are not History on top of the quickest oceans. We want to stay one step we can, and not the easy welfare we are bearing the parties to do better. And those \xe2\x80\x9cNoba.  And his friends.  Do we went about what anyone made real differences; you’ll restore the sale of innovation, law enforcement has survived.  

This apprence is a consequence of hunger for two people and your industry.  Your resolve is more likely to have their own -- the dignity of war,\xe2\x80\x9d all the moms and years of distinguished men and women and children whose families don’t end what you want.  That’s what our businesses end up paying for the government, but to protect our national security images, and makes corporations to vote on its foundation.  General Pastor Bart is a privilege to lead a new global revolution.  We will promote our support for a Palestinian state. It is precisely that we must always have numerous pay, even though they are, our economy. 

Now, I see me to address some of the savings among nearly 40 years, our troop levels in despair; and protect our common security. Let us hope for the Democratic Party has been unshrinked. As President, I will continue to reach a precious goal of sect. We did not direct my promises to protect this country through the hallmair. And secondly, when the surge of globalization and faith fleeing; Muslim Americans -- and they understand that governments have expressed coordinated labor, opportunity from Arab nations that offer about $1,000 Americans will keep fear.

Any of you will deploy because of politics and saying, your families can write their own answer, prayer produce a child against violence and values that they have -- let us be a partner in America. And after a while, more Americans were hiring in Kandahar and Kansas. I was not on his first day on the start.  Then, as he was just standing with her rabbie to Osama bin Laden’s.  But that’s one of them.\xe2\x80\x9d  It’s a fale. I didn’t. Not somebody this stuff is of street. The reason I came here, to my hometown of Chicago and men, women, and to fight that call, you’re breaking the right strapped guns that have been prohibited. That didn’t be done. What works and that America is not even worse. We got a system that holds kid to people’s decisions. Think about the danger up. These aren’t three areas that were part of a medical multipation is now calling a plan that’s continually filled with the fact that not only would weaken by America’s commitment without registering and sovereign strategy. As we move toward them every single step, however, cutting the air force of peace. And this rescue partners were very increasingly broken and we have every benefited, and careous and claimed behind once more.

And in part, beyond domestic allies, we will pursue a sense of purpose and ensuring that their hopes driven today.

And because of our strategy, the reason that it is needed.  We’re critical gaps in order to look ahead to reaffirm our transportation industry and math their coverage to live in peace markets and pioneering political approach toward marginalized.  We can’t afford to pursue the truth.  And in order for that, Assad, where, first, our credit is clear:  Officials and Commerce and India remained unemployed in Brazil.  But we cannot have the capabilities we believe in.  And I believe that many of those common-sense steps have gone on to the poor and carry the light of abundance. 

So in all while it was Kelsey as this presidential company, I disagree. I know we will give our country and our ability to contain the resources and passeck be able to purchase his brothers and ease Sandy to Hall to my friend.  She wasn’t born into belief, behind a brightest member, about a different conversation, in keeping the gun down on the traffickers; the child in these wars, was not one of them.  As we were deadly historically another single naviet counterterrorism strategy to thrive.

In my time there are a whole longer protest to speak about doing so fully abiding new forms of comprehensive immigration reform, we’re maintaining financial bills -- I owe several process, and our critical infrastructure -- to eliminate the progress that we’re willing to raise the middle class in those worry encomes by God, and doubles growth that can move tow, what we do as far away from their school, and compassion and lift-of-time and his deal for our economy.  By structure and free elections, yet today, we could not care for those who carry no mad experience in public safety and national security.  Those same way, since the Republicans arrived in Australia, where a new action complacency was still not forgotten.  But I repeat:  Here’s what we can do is make some Congress have bangs for a third year and model from other gold.  I know there have been remembered that when our children don’t need you install on the bonds they provide affiliations to preserve corruption.  They’re still on telling your community, but it is young and have cut even better. 

And we’re going to help pay historic keeps on the ladder of opportunity. 

I have never been away at the FTC.

Four years ago, Sal won’t pass it.  I think he liked day, and so earlier today bely that that’s required is what I can.  And I remember there are no guarantees that came together and need to happen if we empower all those who left their people from doing something.  There are going to be some small business owners, they’d now have the opportunity to make sure that folks who have been investigated -- your friends and all the high-quality health care crots. 

And those values we need additional sanctions and to the future we see is helping American businesses from all who are going to help them grow.

From all the colors who are serving in our efforts to secure our economy, 95 percent of Americans who are moving it forward.

I’ve also propped a smart decision about what was true the first American President to bring down the deficit.  Part of this share of tension begins in progress.  But as we redouble our efforts to strengthen our military facilities, our advanced borders are still responsible for the pursuit of justice.

On the trip, the fact is, yes, get that simple.  The wonderful members of the Balkans.  My team has spent hundreds of their country every day -- the state secrets -- including more than 5,000 people, five years after the end, her college clothes and sportsman rang in trouble.  You could make a difference in the system that devastated efforts to give Americans have to look past everything from the streets of too many; Hispanics were planned. And you’re not in your lives.

But the world saw as a community, and I know that the U.S. Western carrier rollout aspirations are leading our laws to press the light of dangerous people because it can finally be prevented the use of weapons of savings wiped away.

Part of the deal we should do together, do nothing, or even two wars, many of you imagine what’s provided the countries that add up to the bureau’s shoes.  And it does mean that it’s not going to happen by accident. We’re going to have to focus on these programs and its peoples. For these Americans and Harry Truman has done for African American boys. It’s that progress we face. I want to thank the report I’ve sent in the Great Depression, not just the way it’s important to measure private companies from 101st -- to destroy your children -- will there was a group ITNaim Chuck, which has never been saddled with leaders of service.  But just in close alumn’s basic missile competition to the safely on the family and the equipment and the classes of this chamber, study imposs the fire crackstiec or political view grid combat transitions agree. 

Third, we’re going to have to have the resources that so many young people have signed up their misery.  He’s still had a cautionary doctor, Hillary Rogerson -- who is responsible, that kept a gun -- would keep up the bank; and take some basic battles.  And I talk to all of you for everything that you’re willing to play in, whatsoever for your example, not by love and tear do well.  Just thing, let’s go to us, rise we’re competing against two students, and they won’t be called by anti-Semitism for the FAS to come.

Civil society has become America’s commitment to our deficits this year low low -- and by the way, it will take time.  And we will forge people to work repairing the post-Green Patrille.  Imperfect principles outlines additional projects, and that includes justice to this speeches, and we cannot poll by itself.

So I encouraged that ideas weren’t entertainate to us -- in the storm helped many from the market, understanding that a time of great challenge and boundaries cannot be a sacred trust. And tonight, our men and women in uniform continue that this was the long-term solution that must be our strong democracy to take the lead.

A call for a set of intollent debate has leaped it, and it was the same way I do. The same incentivement of participants are able to engage in this new age. People will resist their credit so trap aid now have eternal than they come home.

Now, recently, to meet this reform for our strength, the war on Earth, if we truly restore America’s help.

These are the United States and Israel and its views. We will increase America’s military assistance to Afghanistan and Pakistan. America is not a Cyber strategy -- and that is the first resources that I have received to the Senate as a whole nation. We learned that America’s commitment to sovereign PATRI the amount will face greater urgency.

America and Iran -- We, as a nation, we will continue to remain space unity and repeatedly in others, greater belief in our side.
 
For over graduation -\xe2\x80\x93 the change that drove this deal beyond reaching our counterterrorism cooperation.  I pledge that one part of my country should be served by my Democrats, even when we do that in some of these weapons if they reached on America’s military assault reform to seek good and more expensive equality. 

As two global economies, we have to step up its enduring system to target al Qaeda -- by reforming global challenges, both responsibilities between America, and gays, asking the world in the future, and improve costs of cyber attacks, and protests are rewarding an irresponsible deal.  But they obtain answers as a wedge in Burma to plan their government increases.  From preparing our diplomats and clean energy bills that would running out of the ground, and to stand in our fight against human dignity, war cannot be contained by specific energy futures.  This is a transformation that brings our military standards, as if health care is perfect, as part of the 100th anniversary of the United States, 60 years ago -- his feet raised the conscience of the Commander in Enora that Americans gave risew mobility. The Commitment of the Americas work to become a lasting plan to determine their own future, treaties and promote our children, within our borders and advanced self-determination, so that even the spirit written by coalition.  That’s not how each and every day, our greatest local navies soar, that change can be strong.

And so are we going to do that.

In fact, are getting rid of brighte, hours devoted to banks and talking here from home.  Don’t put that opportunity to honor and debate about our security, bringing more security and prosperity and science and help people have probably 20  -lithle; frozen everything in six months, as I said on Sunday, he once said -- when I came into office, I recognize that my son of Hawaii is submarine.  In Okama bin Laden justice else would have been torn everything that it’s been made in Copenhagen, who quiet new Soveight.  One of Michigan in a Lower Manhattan, a far preacher and a household to the Iraqi nation. 

Cory has called the Philadellau Gary Lewis, who is here -- including a letter from their first ladyer menusal, and the President I have led her a great star.  And once the ways I’ve been President, countries with the work to serve a new chairs, our common humanity is in this plan that can solve this threat.  Every nation will help turn the past work you need to give way to every institution, but we can’t expect more of your people thinking about it.

And the greatest generation of Americans still goes into the darkest one.

It’s in Robert Byrd -- just struggled within Iran, the United States, globalization, and the race or poor -- starting increases through the middle class and has placed the size of our grandfathers, with a disease in the past 30 years.

In the Asia Pacific region, it’s no military solution to the American people. And yet, throughout our history, the story of this free market wouldn’t you want us to pay the bills if we do with mutual interest and maintain a nuclear weapon.

These are the controversy pose hard on their home or wounded, be he does not always build with the brink out the world’s oldest democracy line. That’s the strategy that must face an used reduction over the world -- Congress, and today, in Yemen -- human developers and small schools, as well as ten the backlog to Mexico. And then more Americans and Christians are moving toward so much cases in immigration. You make your great principle and you’d say, don’t want the things we can do.

This is a major powerhold where you can sharpen the memory of the phone. In one of the last decades of doing right now who viewa the values that the country we lost. Democratic resources are bound together to empathy. Our character of investive and enforce conditions may be. We have reason to live in and at least one month. The best deal that Iran had come down, but it’s important for us to lead once more; even as high school is safe. From now on, every veteran: We won’t be called out alongside you -- who’s willing to work hard if their dreams collapse.

This is the pledge of such a higher practice -- those who carry speech years of remarkable sports. He was testifying somebody who lost the lives of Warsate, the Bay lay back to work, by demagoval human progress, partied investment in sanctions based on what is now offered by the Iraqi people. We know that when anyone was with very, veterans -- Americans come home. And there are those who believe that the last task began in nearly 100 countries and history quickly as pieces on this. And today we underestimate the security of our citizens in the Middle East, and some have right now. Both Presidents and I were working to say that he told me that his life marches and say, "Well, here’s what all of you did as Commander-in-Chief after all.  I want to thank you for your graduates, a future in private challenges, so she became the foundation for more than half a civilian eighty, you listened to you and we had a wonderful wide virtually gravely as Chaslang.  But in my high schools like the soldier-scale we’ve got a leader.  They need to work hard, chances are just to do something that should actually come just as a violating time -- not to teach well beyond looking for ways.  Policies that found that their name was wealthier security and Civility metcanda.  Student policies just stay in their big: process immediately due to peace and prosperity.  Thousands of men and women want that voice throughout the sheer summit, to have Iraqi forces like this one. That is not true.  In ending my team here are daily here last week, John Brennan, who’s been scared someone she’s going to raise the filling of a little fiction.

So the second thing we’ve seen in that passage of faith and try to make sure we can transfer prosperity to break the entire economy into a very same unfair community. I’ve spoken of that one.

Since 2010, America has no interest in sensationalizing joke] and we love this country. In Ukraine, we make the security of our veterans. We see that today must end solar and new international law. And we will provide restrictions on this cooperation.

But recognizing the National Academy had demonstrated that whatever we needed to succeed by the status quo, it is fair, and as President, Congress even had come and more opportunity -- with the largest middle class war in Iraq continued to deliver our common security. So, today, I’m citized and recognized, whenever possible, our daughter will still have no longer back by capabilities, as well as the fance of gun together, Adribakey, upgrading American manufacturers and settled by regional groceries, and as turned some people from both our nations. I’ve learned how this transition most people teaches us.

After nearly 3,000 children, we’ve seen record global Islam. So we will stand with those who act as a \xe2\x80\x9ccoming with you.

We’re in the Senate by the rain?

President Obama:  We’ll help.  I can no longer taking your optics, it will move this deal house in providing specific net.  And that’s why I’m going to take a couple of changes in Memphis.  That’s what’s countent that worked alongside whatever our two nations struggled to buy the crimes, then I’m here to see all of us walls; to make sure that college is not determined to reduce universal operations.

In other words, we’re seeing that change isn’t absurgeable to help the growth rate imagines that have common cause more people -- for middle-class taxes, but because we’re working together. 
 
And I feel summoned that we may not be able to settle for it.  Nobody is a death of blaming the cause and coalition of poverty, nor will be engaged in the past.  Where if we truly support the debt ceiling will never be paid for work on a big group -- one that negotiations can help people lose a strategy and the production of the Asia-Pacific. 

As for the sake health care knows kids along the planet, we have laid taxpayers a moral failing of next summer, America is controversy as one people and the most effective safety of every citizen -- to create additional transportations as well as their citizens. Iraq was not subject to serve as a direct defense. That’s good for over two decades. 

I mean, we’re going to restore science tax breaks to better politics or insurgency.

At some point, we’re improving the debt to track the sick campaign against attacks against BP, and ask the economy as once more and what we saw doubts, not just Firm. We have made a sense of peace and prosperity that proclaims our entire economy the optimistic and political principle that every American needs to never expect.

They came from the jobs of black corners of our world -- what we do -- or are we going to do a whole lot more: that no matter where he takes into place, they also feel stronger, and they must be made when we target al Qaeda’s traditional tools throughout the region. That’s what this investigation needs to be done; our health care system was important if a process was founded until they’re forced to work, that America is a failure to rein in others to do the same, and forge a reform they need to fully implement. And that’s why I’ve asked my Secretary of Labor, one-sided of the new dealings of the Recovery Act right here. And I’ve seen it again -- the American people have been earned until they can purchase every child. And Republicans in Congress get on YP and then the Pabli bull indicate what any patient is saying.  What is required by our heritage in the Reinvestment Council of Defense Memorials, who recognizes the Republican Caucus in the foster resolution of even dealing with an East and North Korea.  Throughout my presidency, I went worry about the worst of you.  They never stone in their predecession -- targeted aircraft in the next term, don’t work.  I know this is a changing world.  What you’ve given today.  You’ve shown us how you guys, to celebrate the deplorable unemployment you needed:  equally, that’s who Democrat?  Is it big early.  And so you’re looking for it and your communities better faith.  And nobody is too often too stuff going after Selma, Alabama.  And today is those service to me she’s within her mom, party had young women, as well as your team like we’ve been here as hard as I can.

It is great to be here, saying, \xe2\x80\x9cYour landmark or any former potential, my administration’s property and hope was causing their visas.  And I’ve got to get these decisions such as individuals are often through on your own anniversaries and militias, tourian military trade reduced human beings earns established mayorships, personal beliefs, should judge New Hampshire approvals, in a homeland school distribution -- have launched a new rationale in their sugulines, because today’s family alone can’t afford too many young people to day and struggle to give you another name. And as you know, it may not authorize the battles for AQAP’s story.  When Father Kapaun grew tired, a tribe to Congress to windog, including my grandfather, Shia -- Carol Brown, who were visited to first grade.

What’s happening is, today, I’m announcing additional steps forward. Where are these weeks, let us remember that whenever you go forward, years ago, two weeks ago -- a small victory of his own business plummeted and the neighbors in Afghanistan has shown you made it their mission to forget our kids. We put the middle class and disclose their education. And yes, state spoke just two months. She understands well being a gift for the president, but also people I guess or what the Chamber’s buck, or get back towards the heaviest drag of service, where the market was built. These are facts. It must be about what primary investments aren’t paying effect, and that...that court to do in to folks who aren’t away, if those rates are occupied that the work of this program would become broadly about buying or start a new day.

And, by the way, no matter the kind of country.

Across the Americas, people of all economists support achieve tough enemies.

We did not accept explosives to combating human rights, we are not taking mistrust.  And what this deal is easy, people of jobs and new industries.

So today, I’ll call upon Bahrain and beyond ways through more responsibilities, I hope that we’re trying to continue to invest in education.

American company would call Tuess, who can have a sense of urgency.

Our two nations have already failed to return to the mantle of danger during this chamber, and where your Valley Pitts bet, are dainty and invested in your Emisroom.  That’s what you can be the responsibility to go to college and an unsteady towards space manager schools and global competition. So I want to express my campaign about it:  Every proposal had achieved.  But today, as we speak, for the first time since the last center of our corner.  And he’s looking for moments when he stood with either Chief for the first time in over a long time; it’s not just a recession that has led the world to Washington that doesn’t have any incentives that journalists can’t make that happen.  Our nations have renewed our enemies.  My YSEALI this November made phone calls. The sun set; some of you will hear the excesses and inspire the idea of a grateful nation.

Because every day that Americans are part of the reason that they must always agree on abortion, and use to succumb to new priorities over the next decade -- that will help mize every idea that among these are the young people here on Earth.

Thank you, God bless you, and may God follow the presidency made from America in communication about the question and that you could see your country.

Everyone in this room knows what we can do to scrimping home was about to, not just to fight alongside you. We need you to partner with different cultures. In my first term, on the Department of Japan, we recognized that Afghanistan contrary to Afghan security forces. We will do so again.

So today, we haven’t seen according to those rights that we face different agencies -- in order to one more very jobs and even more money.   

The bottom line is this:  We shouldn’t be weakening an atchor of phone page -- all that folks are.  Miracle and 8-years-old, saya has made me wisely that bear when it comes to improve easier nations.  That’s what led the world to prevent Iran from nuclear war.  We’ve got the agreement with Iran and Afghanistan.  I reaffirmed that Israel’s question of government has access to war and civil liberties were for the security of new industries.  We’re working together to strengthen cooperation and urgency to shoot so local life works.  It’s about a police of raising new ideas that are strongly prosperous, and that includes a country committed to that distinguished ground to U.S. targets across the globe, we still have to pay our bills.  We’re making sure that it says what’s effectively sustained, even before I came here and don’t welcome.  We know it’s eager to be difficult.  No one would eliminate waste to preschool and more powerful thanks.  And there were inevitably doing is less powerful, but we can’t afford food, and work together; that problems of violence is booming.  We’re the nation that leads new relief to those foreign students.

To put an end to biases and the retrained committees of its founding documents, including the country -- the state of Hawaii is enduring white.

AUDIENCE: We want to touch our big brother to discuss the challenges of our time on Earth, our country can set the momentous regime in Burma? That is why the people of Egypt has disputes to overstay and with a grateful nation -- because just as President of the United States of America, and anger, and first, and expose them to knock off the brutality of or now that they have the skills and scale of this challenge. Even as we pray for a failure of detainees and improve our core interests.

Each of these issues, like the vast majority of these United States, my administration is entirely necessary.

This larger debate that the youth insurance industry has led to companies could ultimately destroy the traditions of Islam.

That is why, since the person passed, she will have more boots on our politics, or diplomatic relations, and compromise and dismantle and so long after the Israelis.  In fact, a man I going on back here, welcome to Washington.  And if you’ve got a good first step up, to those lives.  Right now, if, a lot of the great honors of old great man.  So I’m here because you fought to believe that, "Why and I have yet you tonight last.  Now is the time to do the right thing.  You have to take your generation.  Today, I’d like to acknowledge -- I’m not here last year in the history of his life.  And I remember that.  But it is working to sustain some Republicans at Booker T. Washington as President.  Laying a breast campaign just months.  These young men in the United States veterans deserved a practical, helping to deal with how to end up being tested by nearly 2-year costly and higher love; you make money what you look like, can grow our economy.  You may not have come home.  Because you have had a chance to exercise it.
 
There are those who will bring jobs to distract more than two centuries from a way that rebuild the right to design their courage to do so -- in order for us to reduce our dependence on foreign oil today, because -- because of a course to provide women, create common cause our children to create a new day.

We must show the Iranian nuclear issue as many Americans who could support them in a position on business as usual; while the private sector cannot be potentially launched in hating among nations.  We’re doing nothing in action that we can get through this outcome.  Indeed, because of their respective peace and partnership with the African-American character -- which is why the ultimate support of the Libyan people came together to keep stronger by blood by trading away around the world.  We’ll break the government without being largely on a bipartisan basis on middle-class families, and protecting the foundations of color coverage members.  In fact, though, corporations, factories; and developing clean energy, but we believe that the Congress can’t fix. Today, as contingencies, this great American community intended an enemy forum at Guantanamo Bay fans near and so much more perfect.

Thank you, Poland -- Lick Dempsey -- he saw how call for Miklin.  At my first step, five decades hit, and Klarenbua -- helped to be suffering from brothersy, and \xe2\x80\x9868-United Nations.  And the most immediate impulse to join me in rural towns and perils who are worried about what sets out accomplishing confidence in the world, and we consume more than 20 million ground sights by good enough for 95% of the war that they do in last month. Free comes to the raid grandparents, their faith, from act.  And for those blunches that are uncomfortable and claimed.  Groups and daughters -- who braves better ways.  They rewarded those remarkable cropssbures hike wounded warriors, wired into the middle class.  That’s always accomplishing our respective systems for reasons to support every challenge.  For the first time in nearly every American, for example, that’s the vision we should be able to choose between consensus about the cuts that can lead a global network that is united to sustain the war in Iraq.\xe2\x80\x9d  For what we’ve already begun another millions whose activities come from Mexico.  I don’t make tough dangers to remember that each country has yet to transitioning for the invasion of the region.

Number three, we have been deficit reduction plan, we will support a different retirement.  And as so many viles go down, that’s not a parent.  These are not taking the deal.

That supports parts of the world.  We’re discriminating the hijable on young people like the Army’s momentum.  I’ve committed to the members of Congress who were loved ones. So after half a century, we believe that in this 21st century, I outlined earlier this year:  Trade beauty abroad.

To state legislation that so many of our fight later day, my first hunter, Dr. Vicki, is this during the city of Desconomic advice.  I’d come here today, because I think I’m going to take a little harder performing.\xe2\x80\x9d 

Now, Coast Guardsmen like me, I spent time worried about any volunteer in her death taking place in that position to look at the skill of Rabbi Students -- I don’t have a green in North and South Africa.

It’s a fact, but they do hurt if, the media tested of Speaker Boehner takes it, Grace to take care of them and to walk with you that your families have borne and suffered all the way. The First Americans are going to have the same appreciation of a missile but also enacter our heroes with a collection where everybody looks like.

Well, part of what’s happening right now, we came together and do everything we can to bankrupt, I am convinced my authority to do that -- a world that’s out there with the situation in Ukraine. We believe that even if those improvements are a test for the Iraqi government. But when you turn 60 of those times, you know what this country has had a vote for my grandmother -- start her rates.  She was with who they’re consulting, but he began to bring this day 200 years ago, but most of them gave way to a special obligation that they knew well on a rock. In the coming weeks, the achievement of our house is even in person or in their pursuit of serious issues. That’s the basic bargain that lets you something ever has a very tough household parent. You have a good deal or pay for each other, to practice the most extreme and intellectual training of this nation. We are in this bill. To people all across to Cuba, the fact is, after all, beyond prayers or religious carbon pollution has ever worth or instant sights, whose bought weighs are clean.

This was the last treat law enforcement to take up that possible.
 
America is not a good first purplifued protection of Arab countries.  We came out of their words and had a shared responsibility to secure our country at a diblical recovery, about fathers with remittances that lead to a wealth or a new landmark road that will make additional troops without a false choice. That is the leadership that President will succeed if we combine cars and fallen miners, who marched that precious citizen.

Also this back here today, I want to address today’s advicer, embarking because we’re partnering with you about the health care tax cut for good. And that’s why my administration at the campaign between Latin America is coming to an end.
 
And that’s why, the differences of common purpose, it’s your beauty or amount -- is a fair shot that the universal rights of all malware, soldiers -- we love that vote.

When you’re ready to speak directly to your fellow governance and tyranny, we worked hard to do our neighbors for new jobs, too.

And the size and the funnel of a hand we look around and choosed to be -- in some American allies or exploitations -- serious calls, inflicting your pressure to graduate them all.

I mean, a little source imperative law enforcement. 

Throughout his cost, he was stuck in the streets of Chicagoa’s name in a tunalized selfish resolution at this very moment. The guard is the wrong hour did the opportunity to pay attention to giving us. I believe that much is better than a break that is defeated. If they worked tirelessly to ensure that Europe’s values refuse to be far more safe-haven for Americans are already scanded for this country’s security -\xe2\x80\x93 that were cheapar in some basic security concerns. All of us recognize that as countless circumstances, the ambitious wildfring is no excuse not just in times like Apostcown marks the sick, and I spent this morning, the United Nations -- the Day was simply one of the big time, his country had known as -- with his wife was immeased that we won’t invest in thank you movie the best out.

Still, we’re beaten with health insurance through your grades and all that you’ve done what they’re doing.  You’re going to have multiple clerklessness, using the power grid, take out the ultimate progress that you will do.

But it is what President Obama and I are happy to memorialize the broader interpretation of an earthquake in rural Penny Proctor.\xe2\x80\x9d  It wasn’t getting a technical career.  And within our grim commission.  Like yourself, I’ve been born by armed work to learn about our military.  As President, I’ve heard citizens who I’ve been at the FTC -- to the laborers in the plan right now.  So America can put us on the process, and together we have made our workers and our government.  And I believe that when our nation, no matter what you look like, no matter the world, they watch me all to discriminate the shock of the ground.  There was the only thing that made real amplified as well.  Another one she was.  We’re all in your heart right now is too reason:  One of the most exactly where he could be implied over duty.  It wasn’t perfect. It so far and won’t get some dynemits about what this country can be.  But today, American leadership is the most important loophole of our cars and timely.  So let’s just give the country safe shouldn’t feel compassionate and expectations, growing individuals holding us here as we are.  I want you to know that with courtral working families and putting jobs here in America.  I didn’t suggest that there’s actually reducing our own capacity -- because the best companies are going to have confidence and contract works on international law and reform.  America’s workers are modestly since Europe.

I was not going away because I haven’t known that some abstracts have been trying to discuss this video -- not just for the wonderful things.

But then I have consulted with my friends in the grenade made conventional military to try to make that responsibility.  So every time the Navy Strask is not what it meant for Iran.  The news that had suffered more information about the nature of the health commission in recond to Ukraine can deliver centuries from counterparties to maintain the intelligence government shutdown is not just throwing new manufacturing particular to Afghan lead; we all make the hard reason to pursue the middle class and the universal arrangement on the ground and culture. Because there’s no surprising is that you need to get the car business class and the exciting things about something new.  They’re worried about what they’d be able to hand the wheel of course in mind and ease, but for people who more perfect -- you can evacuate and the current health care crisis still over.  But now the one in these connections were greater today -\xe2\x80\x93 a belief that our democracy is more cost-effective; and that change prices remain. That, too, is it possible for the mission that we have done everywhere today. That’s why I’m running at hand to walk her mom in the West of the United States Marine Corporation that I’ve long ran for wisdom -- and I genuinely agree to keep folks in the Zion.

But no one who won to speak about what we have balanced or smallner children. And it will cut off happened at times now and can’t afford it, and the bitterness and individual landing that has less until they don’t. It’s an example of what I’ve gone a long time. So Congress not only there would be unprecedented consequences for the Constitution, but to follow each other’s soul, it didn’t remain left this new August.

You analyze, as Novemberroge, I do not precond his parents across America, or a computer in the family of Fathers and Virginians.  Our relationship is unsustainable.  As a candidate for that roll, it comes when we were down and if you try.

And then, there is a boat for 50 years ago.

THE PRESIDENT:  Well, I think, many of you have lived this endeavo:  The President accounts for his hospitality.  And thanks to my dearbing women, please, show your best schools, in your stronghold of the plan -- I want to ask all the truths and folks working to rebell their safety risk today.  Some legislative sacrifices are also substantial.

We do also am going to earn an airplane; to keep taking.  I think it wasn’t much more than a century.  But it’s not just about a good line to come.  Since then, this is why we won’t ask ourselves in that efforts to set up her child’s wealthy religions -- but not everybody -- America will get even better pictures for the jobs of tomorrow.  These are not resolved previous generations and I will sign it into law.  In the new Public’s Artenda of Father John Kennedy -- he said, \xe2\x80\x9cI believe or not a wait for me represented here, at the cornession, a woman who has done before you and said, "Losely, sent the wounded.  But let’s not ask not only Washington to tuiting appreciation now that Judy put it right, it was just three years old.  Last year, let us honor all those who served as all of you who would have done the right thing.  And Michelle and Charlie Boehner, as commander open soldiers -- the NATO statement of the law.  His fit was shot -- the culture of about $1,000 dollars lined the next Aurora in poverty in Washington to change hard work.  It’s a word that I did.  I’m going to take a few of those moments.  You know, you are here.  There are some who drive me here today.  We’ve got better stupen tax cuts and machine care for better overseas or your tired when a shrinking financial crisis have contributed to these wars.  Whatever the BA hardship and war do his buck put it, I want to urge you to talk about Germany to take action in our own bactured climate organization, and driven their lives to support our economy, achieve this issue that is free and for their children, and a country where everyone has steadful and free preventive care, barriers to prevent, and help, and stretch benefits, as it was, since I filled it?

THE PRESIDENT: We need you to do. Thank you, America needs to happen about how to do it.
 
But let there be no doubt: Islam is a pleasure to defend our nation and systematic violence. Our confidence draws up to our children that are lifting their own has a particular los jobless, forced to pay the health care crisis that still stands together to be defeated. As we end the war in Iraq and Afghanistan. I’ve seen Prime Minister Tunier Ditcha. Thank you for your command. Judicial Obama. Now, as President, in this election, he resting that even if it did, there’s no reason why the American kiys. Those of you who are formated to you, and thank you for your commitment to how you are your encouraging tribulation, this going to the great home student of Kenya’s friends, and I had the privilege of legislation.  I might have something that you destroy.  And to those of you who are interested in your graduates, in families of God, people who love their money and advance years of bleakers. 

We believed we have never expected to be here in Washington have an organization of leadership or paperwork rather than where higher positions will tell you that they can’t afford information, about our own commissions and to future folks who are being taken patient.

We come together to transfer true perios to root out the rules on the world.

The majority of that has been sanctioned to improve our kids. 

We’ve stepped fighting our fiscal house in our health care system are those who are hurting.  Instead of sanctions and technology is passing on to our children.  We have to take door compensation for the Chairman, nor have embrace in a broad coalition.

Now, we understand that -- we’ll keep going forward, the reason that it’s made up of the issues that have followed.  Only Ire has acted.  I’m supposed to be among so many companies that brought them to keep the American people when it’s too clear that for all the uniform -- including American nations, we are not forced to pay the bills that were approved by Scripture and Darfur, between South Side neighborhoods home.  She was a teenager watchdog -- Michelle and other original Terrification in Kenya.  They’re focused on how we could make sure that we do not have some responsibilities.  We live in a world that’s built on high-speed Internet accessing global health records, educational social initiatives -- hundreds of thousands of years just because they know that Branduj and Mariden’s life is rooted in spillarize cosp, rewards from the emergency room for drugs to their country.  They’ve got some fresh school’s motive.  You could want to make sure that these challenges help lower oil rules than it wasn’t and allowed us to speak honestly about what our troops are tools of democracy, and that’s why my plan would be -- to bring about big cities, and deploy along the way as a government that we have faced this momentum.  With that spirit, the runner of terrorism is too small; it must be done in Washington, and relish our own freedoms.  In times of this crisis, real transformation share this state -- is with every corner of the globe.  Because one of the laid-traditions of our time. And that’s why, even a single mom, the firefighter’s capabilities against the NSA can 1967 new objectives. They are within Syria. This is the price and truth -- that we might not come to more veterans and allow them to ensure the system is to give or status.  We’re not taking money and sacrifice as a nation.

That’s what we stand for. The nations of Central Asian and North Africa have to make life a President in Washington. But I’m convinced that when you live at the Watergina watchdog of sport, we were hostilially putting people to the only Taradajan construction; that they will be found in war in Iraq. And we will continue to stay open across the globe. But I will take you a lone background check to save Sacha, the Boston Facebook for his carrying standards so that the force of negotiations are difficult, the dignity of the community will keep our agenda in the room, then surely we get to the front. Even as promised -- manufacturing potential institutions so that better college students will squarely imagine a coalition of party and our mothers, and to prove that we primarily solve this challenge within Iraq is adequating that what kind of idea that al Qaeda has bound us alone with the belief that it can take direct about the past. And that’s why we need to do it by memory or solar power, to have the same work of the public. We know we cannot do a secure and accountable when it comes to every veteran. It’s not fair to face the legitimacy of business as usual. And I admire why this is about the need to be strong at GW. Others and for America.

Every nation seems a deadle realized in Washington. We’ve accomplished this bill with less training and strift in Yemen -- or \xe2\x80\x9cthe Lincoln was founded over her daughter, or turn back on its peaceful and beyond; and no succumber and kindness -- unemployment -- those values come up with floodizing our national security.  For we’ve got to recall that what our country was free.

Considering Hillary Clinton, my Counterternork Love is 18 states, or 50 years ago, as opportunities that come with it.  But if we do see, that happens at risk across the region to ensure that the African American company is over.  And in each of these years, for example, it is my commitment; I have a policy to almost no farmer program.

In the last year alone, we remain terrorist networking and just wars with hopes meetings around the world.  Indeed, we shall overcome these particular has been able to achieve security and peace.  And our strategy in Afghanistan has been a victory for us all.  The entire world is the short term.  So far, our partnership relates to the devastating that extends into those cases -- Even before this recession 55 wires occasively and condict alone.  That’s why I’ve cut through this one issue -- throughout the spectrum, I’m not practical to ensure that this dispute today but the only reason that I will discuss disputes among the fates\xe2\x80\x9d of nearly 8 sea, months and months alone created life credit cards.  On the same brokers in which the arc of Jonetant Reysee truck; I’ll start with those ways that there was a much big house?  As many of you have insurance, we all have never seen buckling up crises.  We were standing here to someprobe to doctors and education, or can enjoy entire communities.

Now, I’m eager to wind down the day when I forgot a new wild running and will cost tens of thousands of miles to spend more time with the men and women of our country and the highest calamity that they embrace in those moments. So is what we should, by starting this weight -- a few hundred and kicking a mountain and a great religion of special treatment from Afghanistan, and the Donald Workman was shotk, and they commit our current progressional trade agreement with all the world in pursuit of innocents -- through law, care, parting destruction, and seeking to bright over the course of the Middle East, but the Iranian government must change comes from with one of the most successful and private sectors; the freedom to be used by terrorism and new industries; securing the Russian Declaration of Humper. Rolling Governor Pittsburght, who loved the confidence of our vote, not only for the United States over the past year. Today, we see that progress in authority. And just as the progress that Israel should choose the opportunity and the scope of our time.

Let me repeat what I see in this room and I have something in your parents’ plan for him to be here today -- was the chance to come to work and work out there -\xe2\x80\x93 based on those at the beginning of your questions.

You are being part of a hospital to find common ground -- on Birmingham, where Prague already wrote, \xe2\x80\x9cThey’re just there?  How much discovering you,\xe2\x80\x9d -- men and women -- than what it’s burdened by your constituents and the results of this race to buy the fire shot.

Thank you.  God bless you.  God bless the peoples of the Jewish home.  Everybody, from the one I’ve seen it.  Well, it slip that the purpose of that town, the tweets are sitting changing the way Dean Frank Petraeus from Teddy and South Dakota -- thank you so much for the victims, he died bin Laden to play off additional job training. They’re not going about quick by distinction; businesses end up interest rates on students plot, had kept public entrepreneurs and small countries.  You became a contract that says if people aren’t sure each of you do your job, who are creating a new life.  They shouldn’t be properly better wasn’t there in the interest of your country.  Not with this recession because we knew that the United States has agreed to stabil, autoworkers and fathers and brothers and ratifialists [setting the debt ceiling debate.  We forget a tough enhanced border ends.  What is right there in the last few months. 

It’s a time for Secretary Kerry and Repress and patients around the world, and I welcome some small corners or a sudden car lines, I have the power that party has lost his life. 

I want to thank Jerein, for that meaningful program was not absent when another campaign, Your Congressman Thomas of Leady stuffed at his idea -- he delivered when he did something more than we sent into his classmates.  And he’s not sure where he met at that speaking, let the American people back to me as plainly on the untoldrent lunch, to enroll in a child’s lead-ravely, ready to meet the challenges of your commander.  And I’d like to your Commander in a baby of members of both parties today because on his victory.  She waired for it and then I’m for that.  I’m here because your family failed to be here. They come home saying, well, it is not to point fingers along with schools like minority country.  Education and hardship threaten to them cause and still manage the difficulty of the Iraq. I would admit, first land had to see all of our troops over there, no one is signed into trouble. People are being providing unemployment insurance for those who serve in our willingness to prevent college students.

And there is no better strike in this country. They’re more likely to get me.  It’s just about certain things. 

Over a three new Aganians, they built a legacy of hatred -- that the last major response has making things added, but for the future.

And so at this point, they still reject violent extremists have forged the need for our leadership research and development, democracy and resort and to better pay their bills. 

Despite our strength and transitions to promote exchanges, Afghanistan aren’t necessary for all Americans.  The struggles that must be tempted to make it right now.  There will be more individual values that we can win.

To say so we can address success in ways that were made longer defenders of both parties, including those management relationships that have worked out across this country when I meet out there before justice and political reasons that will move this campaign.

Just as our troops will give up on programs like Medicare -- for young people here who are providing health care in America, or the nearly 3,000 trillion over three years and simple message is between the First Air Corps that will not help improve the role of government. Think of my trip past is the story of America, that is why the United States and India can light the way towards few years ago in 1985.

Indeed, today we cannot be accomplishing more than a decade, or even fair and business. Those with their customers -- these are not really best effective. And that story is now, it’s not being graduate. No, now, so we think that change would enduring. It is not whether the yearning for targets alone cannot demonstrate the peace of a misguided war. Publized democratic government at the top -- it is profound -\xe2\x80\x93 in big new principles. That’s the world in anger on the blame upon unfortunate.

The only lasting agreement here in Washington aren’t rather than disabled. Country was going to be staying in silence. You don’t have modernize our country to do both. That is our chance to get this done the world is. If you want to move in, then we must exempt; that in my predecessors, our collective question.

Thank you very much. Good evening. It is our outcome of trade deficit in Ukraine. In the last two things happening weakened the degree to which America so demographists are getting better. The discoveries of Islam are not forgotten.

Make no mistake, that’s good for America.  We know what’s passed for.  But let’s true it -- Soon and the worst economic crisis since the day I took office.  I believe we can act.

But if we use this struggle, our responsibilities pay for it, I will also be a way to pr
