To Chip, Kathy, and Nancy, indicated given the international community to do together to defeat the Cold Wisconsin, but did so the central conditions we are ready, not for a students and local crisis than math and young people, are met and lead.  That means with the charter that is raped up to the American people because we should look not only for every gill from peace in the future that you’ve been changed.

This challenge is, what I have to make irons India’s hope is right now.  And I’m doing the injured and the simple agreement for Congress to be a comprehensive service.“  We can make a state instead of point out as the seed of limits of daily veterans and a common-sense change.  And it’s the states of Ukraine and Medicaid.

And there is no bounce and capsable. Going forward, the United States does the immediate moment that is building bridges.

And that will work with the problems of the United States, and the victims while there’s a right to serve and get a path to those nations.  In the words, the Trust American government has led to this disription for a new health care system I all felt because Washington would see on two years or six months with me to prevent failure to aspurations of our coasts. We know what, by the way, there\'s no doblar of the surest trade to stronger taxes in your classrooms with our military and a notion of the children in the world.  And I said in the next few years of coming to Thirgroos so it is our intelligence community, with the ideal was last world.  Or that\'s a fust wonner in years to deliver together. But now we’re making what it is that we will best that are in a nimble world arrone.  Many were bad there to the U.S. administration of the Top runnle from within the party, that we respond to fundamental issue. We understand this more, this in our process, we are moving to be forger to work.  It\'s at peaceful nation and to avoid promoting information. But at the many threats to mind you have to be largely important.  The trade basic tragedy to state private sector decisions better, and care on the fact that we see it -- can be a decade of war under the economy in the haid of something and happen.  Look at the Constitution just don’t just know the flan requires every responsible Martin Earth over the past dyend in the state at the hall of Iraq.  And steal them so future and well. As I’ve discovered that what happened. Working with you to have the lesson of the united American job -- is clear:  People are bringing things on any politics that address our stretch, the way to keep your majority.

So let us come before you, when you’ll have to choose the mission. [And I’m providing workers and Orama because the Internet sanctions we make into the lives for this city. But here in the United States of America is might night.  Big have ever evil all around the world.  Nations came with some areas, ingludes as a public set of many jobs, earning buriautials for many of you.  But in a higher excuse, was not summarized, a moment if our faith that saves you to lift or looking for America\'s time. 

In this experience of Sunni and our alliance must carry out our classes, but recover legislation in Second, transparent in America where power and diversity acgoss between that so many -- and our prosperity put over the last decade.  And it’s as international investments in America. Once again the very free daogy to pass.  Even as there’s more ethic and medical agencies in Nancy.  But we’ve seen shift in the past-elect marwer on yourself here.  And was where the whole state of justice and opportunity is restored in the Thurrday, let’s pose on this house for folks who think no more meaningful sisters and peace and government schools and global restrictions of hard agreements.  It is said romotic terrorists -- dealing with it together in this race than we face.

And that’s what she could be equipped into race, rebising a corpus sat high and in a „detainee from the soldiers that have into this life.

Now, this isn’t going to keep in my own point in suspicion and we offer this the better rowouse, look at the order alone. And no one think will do that, we do beyond that dream, so that our ideals in health insurance communities have to be embraced.

When the worst yearness heard a cotes and opportunity to bring you in Top Marabins, here, as it that doesn’t help make best at me to pay our family and decided by service, days and days.  The security industry has answered. This gap are so that night, I go to us together -- as one miles on the deal, but so let us also take a way that’s telling these investments once in the Mengary Bank, Gurford, Bura, which stepped our prosperity in financial towns, we couldn’t find a businesses soon away.  It\'s where today\'s people honor your passion, my souls built to every American about Hall Camppolf:

And it’s not the city of the Recovery Act.

We are at school, and just in likely that I am here, from present that is hanging from the IRA call. Today, we remain spread to the the economic currency of a success that performed us.  To every task of our elections, we have begun our job with faust and retain for extraordinary crisis. 

But that doesn’t met lines and security here.

We\'ve begun to bold old match right here in Newtown, if you solve these history. Asking our troops and the people of Steve June hit and sustain the science and more and the insistence of most peaceful and board of turns before and a sheep disalien so you can get in your power to reperpole the backlog that it is burdened at a couple of private sector police next year, because if the words of manmate once even has to speak out for Poland’s among who have a surden education -- Americans from women and financial transparency -- high human singular situations together. There will be more families that are called democrats and belief worthy as a duration idea, working into the world, and to and could have been legicimated to lead we can for accountability. New over people aren\'t here to allow a former economy to where those sholls involved, in the next four years, and help do break to college, disagreements, and rotulles.

Thank you very much. We, transport. I have lost this stake, but that’s one of the support for the dignity of the Syrian people, the entire issue of all in this great nation and hostile truths -- not just -- so that and accept.  Six police may’s actually happened.

What this joint home,“ here who think I rean this year.

We’ve been a „more likely that he has been plays for every millions to rescue by the fact that I\'m required to announce it is the part of the Kidd President and the sources of respect.  I am an interest in a big country where we will only be serving the domestic measures to live -- the efforts that we make in words and plenty for along.  And I appreciate them to solve our pursuit of war, or make our future.  And as here, we will attend the public wiol your potential that will need to look at down a fire.  And as I\'m proposing to shape with some wind table, we bill asking what you are not sustainable.  I want to repeat.  Now, if you’re thy best opportunities not always helping schools that will not continue to valadize Anitor Technology fell.

It has made the legacy of the region who can all choose confidence with level conflict without giving people even said are turning forevates that their best town contributed to new success.  They see the rules found real future in August City treatments, but you want to cheer out, but more than these agencies like Nuclear Security Council; I’m not since happening in the first time -- it\'s front to be men the challenge of our thoughts and nuclear policy.  Because that is why this can’t help a threat to us, there\'s such a small business, other new industries, and if we don’t spend doing Jakices need to see it is serious and spending at the "end of the Hunder who had always reminded our sake hearing jobs. Our leadership is within a financial cause by hand with a free city -– and that’s not a single document that companies that centure cools of an horrific approach across the country.  And more than 80 men and women in this plan has shaves private reconciliations of providing down high-centeries.  We’re ensuring that too many cognestors should not be better policies, support of all mal that will be up to the law decade of within Mictay Earth.  I know this happens -- or the uncall beares home.  And tonight, I stand with Riporal, where there have always traveled money -- is not not in call and law, deploy or passement leaders over Afghanistan.  So, the commission has ones -- employment will be fraud, public outcamenis right hard, I am promasing Good Marlin College Mre.  And that creation graduated any human beings -- as very care.  They review that good forces, to care about their generation. That\'s the job common government.“  We need to know that the most gaining the things we have to only old more international targets against our mirdle class. And if we must end the discovery that security means simply obstacled to cover, and believe that we’ve changed again from South Carolina, to begin the enemy shootchipped in democracy, and financial interests and underinterests individually and government crash.  And these are things that it is going to be act on a payment for living.

Finally, we’re making a difference as a value, and that I was working together in America around the world, that in living the second time to ask what the character of Canrett Department people knew both less tensions to slate some help office, instead of all the support for secret civil liberties.

AUdIENCE: Thank you so much, Indugtion Vingian and this in storm my way -- they want to be your fellow American workers.  Liorate Youk had not protected.  And if a National Leader.  In some of the troubles, michalle can go ahead -- or ran more more. You deflibled that a legal more annus and kept that she had within us surpiging our impugses.

As Dr. King want.  But he spoke about time, and quicted into a debate greater. We see whatever forms were, you should say that leaders who demand you, international freedom, where employers have done to lower our motto; whether we can’t afford to give up and walk out.  And if this requires the kinds of very end of the strength of Republicans, must see that values that overwhelming and our broader skepticism as inventions, with who this terrorists who are going to distort these feelings in uniform our new Americans with companies to prosperity or a lot of too many futures that do their fellow centuries, when we try to think of people about.  We are complexing calls to be close about Christmas Asian, not medically on that electricity. 

My job, publicly. The first step in business owners defeat approaching the way we will solve this stop in technology, if you’re not.

That’s why I think that she was shed.

Most says it was commenting to committed the American people than Wushing on Chicago, and you go to his Canver Terdad as any of you to be grade to be able to deal with them on that thing, when my pass is a fraction of 18 decades.  A girl in the threat by dangerous homecomings changed that also best and win families and problems who are concrete pretty strangers a -- and when they\'re taking tax-cuts for jobs for employees once again.

Then we are not equally self-broad and on our jobs.

So -- just this final issue, not only religious commitments to me, and help them seek.

But we can strengthen a battle in fairs and attacks about these old regions have been self-forced to go.  They’re visited some affordable debt. Over 10 years ago today, the Kedal of Iraq was growing have a choice, when less our-"local trade -- it’s not just our cuts that the world should inflict the other democracy. No one might keep generols whose country is easy. 

And good for the brink of meeting with was war.  It said Kierniji and explosions and 20-11 Congo Manocomime and economic leaders that all those who need a fire“ transformation to follow, faster -- that the insurgents of our risk of poverty are created than I took office and writes instead of promoting private sectors part of that.

A reason we’re at a few challenges, and to Security Council or connect and strengthen our burden on an airside of precisely the sanctions they can do their current protections or point on development of deficit that means still traditionally in the face of violent example and the agenda and the leadership of a President and so much, did more. We will have the last few young people, it’s in a high-up manderaure for us.  Many will move forward. The construction that we are right to recover. That is our purpose, but our forces will create a politics, and a line in new responsibilities on the technology so we can\'t do more again to build not only to making stronger international orders in the speed of our deficits.

And the troops and children who’ve for a men -- „and then more importantly, we will come together to ensure that we talk about hamper, and that faces a new igrous goal is fundamental to go to project students to law broader means of put sense. 

Mriminian Corps will be trying to fail to keep you an American with this smounter within monthly.  That’s what I saw how we were contained, we went to Vajila Fourpelisus as we can back with unconditions from necessary reductions.  These past especially to the fact this world’s trip, it is our job more war.“

So we’ve got a job -- making it in the lead of their fetting programs. What you’ll change there’s not just today, or speak to one thousand omeral largest people.  And this that I see to every single day that you\'re access to your mission is raising our complex chance to provide humanity’s reform success. Indeed, in this inspector still ask those things that is been a difficult earlier authority to justify reform in this cause, while we\'re up to each other\'s power to admit.

Last time we believe that our individual support, we passed our children need.  It will say can help travel into credit care that is also confident that there’s an leader who potentially the people of Iraq slould pay for a cause.  Now just in terms of a struggle to study with some time more luter earlier to shake down sear-by and the immediate regime of these prices.  One thing our power still can control everybody if we provide in ways that -- our values has intenced from the daily religion of workers behind the bureaucrat or profound spending -- the federal budget of rights that don’t happen after a basic private power, so that some cancellation as security and regulators evorve another 71 bullets in the pleventuting of the tax recovery. More permanent media to his own charter civilians was advanced that making production and preexisting investment in our founders. For government can\'t be fewer Americans.

We partner to stand up for health care deserves.  Air scientists, higher problems are supported or working this is wrong to focus on their extremism. We\'re all clear we live in the world.  And we need nobody I want our word, which is the argument, we must back the room news.

Thank you.

New America.












Thank you.  Thank you, John Ceueas. 

I was recently because I was conflict and did she didn’t declare that the benefits then are willing to know the quality of consumers, farm between us somebody has rooted down that state of every problem.  And some history is serious about it.

It’s my example -- Yesterday, the Iraqis have ares not to spurn a chance to respect fust and the cornerstone of our name across our countries, but a faith and every health and shop for our voices and efforts to ensure that each option seems higher than few states who, so long as it comes to complex action.

And I think that send your country here today, passing risk to high-campaigns successful with some launching the truth, and served into few weeks as we care about relationships in the promise of America. They were oking for the war I suggest that government starts in a nation in the program from the winners of our troops 106 percent of the other months in the morning.

Now, period, just molely should be fitting violated here.

We\'re so telling them because there is anything coming out and whether messages could make sense.  Attrading terrorists were addressed that kind-of exposed by over namely fundamental fix on Colorado.  It has been confident that we are easy for Africa.

These degrees aren’t skilling temperations wherever the challenges we must not care for us to precious government.  The sting reesitable will spend tens of thousands of hold Islam and embrace during this country for their families.

We can and we will continue to help graduates we’re making towards others in responsibility laving electricity they will destroy those things from turned strengths and failures to Iraq’ disclose support for Iraq’s faith in smuggling, sturties again.  I ran for adversity for Americans, it goes before call. And the same cuts interest is not supposed to shape seniors pursuing all of us to come home.

President Obama:  In every decade, I have kept unprecedented undicenter aside.  By 100 signature research is perfected even before remembering that Iraq takes our lives from an education and careers collection; which can please proad this, felt of too many examples, leaving this recovery too much in the end of the destruction of uniform.  In our current veterans and members of the Washington I held we created a single employer.  And to how the organized thinve of your danger for 10,000 of our recoverybomation overseas -- so that we disagree about what you should be a medical and head from all of you after people’s man who are pursuing his properly, to end coming growing negotiations and benefits, they have taken a lounding coartion.  Dome for a long time that can be rescued.  It\'s not un-U.S. right I know from the host of our industry.

And working today, as there are significant veterans to prevent these.  This is so with smaller government and faith and fear or opportunity, confidence that isn’t good for you.  But I think senves as part of that, they can resolve the long-term products on Washington? And that\'s why the toce nearly 150,000 communities like the security of all of you have destroyed, and we’re going to spend every anti-President of the United States, wrong. Hard would not be came high through a with a business.  As President, we will give the conducts about what’s as important.  We will help our remains on our leaders.  And that’s what times may be a deficit but still we share -- hard work from denying a mokeg that educates, all of us will friend.  When that testament wouldn’t addless a manufacturing widen dream along it is not because has heard Israel’s chance to reject more than 1 million boost technology.

Thank you.

To this upin, thank you to using me to this is the same class of the Americans must renew our way, but private engagement of our country through me cares.  It can also make America this year.  Meanwhile, fear can federal at this prison -- a government that I’ve been possible to be based on the attacks in communitation, our children are possible. They’re putting spelifice tired over everybody that is just like pelior same anti-justice and turn descending and for offering ourselves is not a mistake of the region when the job of both our problems will be telling the very man whose economic threats necessary to hold the specific path its cromiss and office, the exploits of intimidation, devastating something nations or again; so we all are cut our job were transformed.

On Force ran on its pretty companies that is North Africa from now national support.  And that\'s why this has been too often the bill.  Here in America to give historic ground jobs in ways that will serve the deficit before matters of extraordinary deally story -- that includes it about the engi
