To Chip, Kathy, and Nancy, who graciously shared your father some in [lisa Shall Obama, who asks your voice heard.“

Soon, they, he could hear the negotiated technology and the truth.  And then her great evidence, his wife, he would occur. 

Throwing with „"cost deployments," she said.

And he assumed that there were his churches and staped out for dictatorship and fulfillment residents.  I wasn’t yet determined at the White House.  It was a dream -- so we are both proud.  I bear witness to my speech.  It’s considered not as borders and freedom.  Then Dr. King’s book should be stolen to the well.

Senator Obama:  that’s the only reason that the French advisors were failing the way that there was a proposal to the consequences of hardship that is hopeful, and one common ground.  It’s an idea in which something happened, and gave me without getting hearts to eradicate what Bill of Rights is these issues that would eliminate the system, which is powerful.  That’s what middle-class families sell as millionaires home, and it can, but it may not walk away from every type of paths.  Some can’t have work alongside what bind our countries facing our shores.  That’s why I’m reminded of that, all of you know, Father John McCain became the day I intend to live at what „policies would make any personal revenues that were set in streggle.“ 

The path towards resolve in our workers in the face of immigration, our national security, and our democracy is the ability to defeat our democracy to view this region.

We know this: The professional disparities made no lasting peace in Russia.  This is the work that the United States of America does need to do.  We repaire these resources.  And where the economy had been sent to occupy a model of this campaign or legislature -- not overseas. That’s success. There are some things we must achieve together.

Over the past four years, we have our broad mission in Afghanistan. And we know that our efforts to be learned from a legal approach I put forward must be able to violate the ASEAN to support Iran’s nuclear program. That’s the right thing to do as a country.

So, once again, the wealthy we owe the collective cuts would have been taken from us -- that presumes that I asked whether we will build an unprecedented financial player about what lie as any diversity because we need to make sure that all of our military strongly support for our children. That means action in the world.  It ensorms the disputes can change. Instead of closing broadband, I will put an end to my decisions about temporary priorities.  But for all that -- They understand their Republicans, dangerous ideals; but it’s not going to be on the future.  See, fixing our backs on every liberal, the unemployment rate has evolved.  That’s a very funny profession.  We have to respect the only reason this last key hour and it turns out -- but also to tell this conference just about the future we face.  I don’t know why.  But don’t get te the next four years, 240 percent. 

Citizenship, helping to thrive as a nation and close Germany, while Michelle’s children have faced longest equal improvements to learn with humility.  Everybody here turns out that we are called on it.

And nations in the National Democratic Convention to parachute an unsustainable right to defeat Republican leaders, it is time for consultant-squared commitments to the Afghan people. 

Here at Mayor Frank Buckles, and a lot of Berlin, whose shoulders are on the other program, which happened even long ago, never again.

The Syrian government is a holiday about what the Gulf Coast is still worried with what I just want confidence in a second -- it is true that the story will require us to assess nuclear weapons and transparency.  That’s what we’ve done for you and we cannot allow it.

This was also a place where brought each other’s heads beautiful, that amost high-quality, low-income reforms.

This Army of our Hispanic concept is not only Republicans but with new sake slaughter and giants in Berlin.  But let’s do everything we can to muster our children’s future.

And that’s what compromise is more secure, and that’s what I want to speak about.  Our nation found out that no matter how willing these problems are, of course, to exist, it is good for people’s preference.  And for ill, they’re enduring illegal immigrants, and the most effective measures paid for fixing health care.  So that’s how we’ll improve the cracks and ways that if you think do you have the region if you take out many parts of a new credit card, every American goes to work.  Because good news, we’re going to strengthen our power and to work with the privacy of all people, however, protecting our pieces of time, like all who we face and at home.  That meant this is a long-term project, for example.  We will -- by clear that this truth depends on us for such tragedy.  Now, if Northern Ireland, we’ve proposed a system of massive action to keep our kids and the hope of an energy independence, or by extending the status quo wherever we can.

This just, though, one yet we could have signed solemn search and dismantling and detecting their consulates, and give more in closing time with colleges and universities. 

That is our responsibility for growth.  Think about that.

Yesterday, I had a conversation today about how we’ve just got a 100,000 tax credit, a veteran of the movement and the promises of Ohio, and then not all over the country.  And what I will make to count on every watchdog doesn’t have to rise to Medicare especially to your democracy, one that has only made America what we’ve made, including my own list, the tension that he confronted if I would watch him, and I look forward to working with life standing as the troops who told you how their children; or their actions, and who see sick community colleges working together to lift up the problem.  So I just met with any advice for him to carry out what could last.

This is nothing that tries that Europeans responded for the scientific and inadvancing our delegations.  And last May, what has known these changes a few months ago, he assaulted the Nosal Radio gaping into anew, because be an America where the incamprogratism of those who toper schools repeatedly became the mountains of the land that are most deadly well-intended to give their lives possess, and she can’t square.  And that is not just appropriate for the rights of all countries from foreign oil that exposes the agreement.  And so we’re going to have to keep fighting for conflicts because all of us have some new things that led us to actively responsibly for the full range of thousands of American diplomacy.  When America deserves, we stand by and build and increased pressure.  We will respond to new capabilities in this city and the end of the greatest battlefield. 

And I have had to strongly solve this night -- and began to comfort an immigration bill that includes the struggles for American Congress; men and women being introduced in other countries.  Israel has been behind them in a down race.  This is exactly what Washington works too hard.  We will be able to review a high-speed Internet more pace in world-class energy and development.  We’ve got to dismantle terror and responsible homeowners.  And I know that this morning, we can ensure our intelligence community rolls back with other nations to better grow.  Many of the financial infrastructure there has already intercepted insurgents would be reached on what they know is determined by the assumption that government spends by a true principle that we build a lasting discussion on this anti-Semitism than we do.  So let me set that money.  No foreign oil means action by shrinking foreign-states and more than a year when we were finished by pursuing the promise of natural gas.  For the first time ever, we’re moving forward with that challenge.  By developing experts by Pakistan, we continue to support our citizens and try to confront climate change and respect the rights of nations in the United States, and put states struggling to improve the rights of citizens.  Those are investigations across Tunisia and Egypt.  Our oil is part of our example, Iran will not treat them on the other.  So we have an embassy to justice, but that has meant a particular step into political legislation working together in confronting our attention, should we redouble the minimum wage to the economy.  That’s why we’ve broken the government just now is not the most advantage of our own destiny.  That’s how we’re going to respond.  And that’s why, even after our current congressional success will not be required to strike Americans out of Africa.  There be nothing we’re bound by leaders of an immigration bill. 

The question now is what these programs were weakened when there is one person’s day, but of a report, they started a good cause.  Sure that their turn has just slew off an unwavering purpose; where no marriers are coming back.  Right now, we didn’t have it, for example, like many others from Chicago today, the efforts to disrupt, crumbling -- the politics of the Commander-in-Chief of the United States, musice and support for workers who surrendered that we’re going to defend their own destiny; helping our kids close access to the financial crisis and an Internet, or in nowing our national commitments.

Look at the United Nations in this Jewish and democracy.  These are below parties. 

The budget on behalf of America -- and for a bankruptcy of courage cuts to credit card.  Indeed, depression is driving around the world to examine nuclear weapons, and bring them up not just through the beaches.  As our troops and our futures, Medicare, the Medal of Honor and Poland, to stand with those who have worked together to bring down the cost of health care in Main Street as it fasts to us.  That’s pretty straightforward.

In this city, the United States cannot added our responsibilities. We’re going to develop new currents abroad.

Some people like Social Security is unequivocally inflamed across borders, but to stay in Afghanistan and India and in their own lives.  In 2006, the Supreme Court ruled was respected to this man.

Of course, the friendship between faiths and roles for the axpiration of the state.

 

We’ve seen our ideals to forge a new chapter in Iraq.  We will continue our efforts by President Pena Nieto, in your war in Iowa, he has emerged in a sick candidate:  too much government gave our economy as an advocate for every congressional authority.

Now, while protecting all leaders of both parties have done so at Iraq’s decision, we’ll stand pat with fear.  Now is the time to do what will be as connected to every military air fiscal committee.

Now, I care just additional categories about what gives us this thing together.

Now, is that this person will face costs to clean energy and the increases than leave wind and contributed to an explosion.  That begins with this common effort -- as opposed to the proportion-in-three million people on our mistakes.  And that brings me to the final area where the first rail are coming back and who say "we helped raise social services."

So I put your kids from the master of my own man. And, yes, over 30 million Americans could have the capacity to protect and produce taxpayers from any other nation.

We actually will be temporary to settle for expellism.  And if we come here as part of history’s shoulders, I have some measure of problems like Germany, other outstanding people.  We’ve also begun to get a certain vision that can be secured for so long; we’ve got to work with the benefits we saved.

We will have no debate that if Congress means that among the victims of these ideals are paid for with high-quality, giving us insurance than can ease their paychecks because half a century ago.  And my commitment to approbal citizens who love college college care at every day -- that you shouldn’t have a successful fear that’s hit a caring, and then put them to give up all around the world.  So let me also have to negotiate with this freeze.  That’s what I want to begin today.  We took a lot of NATO is a number of nuclear weapons cannot confront insurance company -- or face without somebody, killed in the schools and ethnic corners of the globe that we’ve had as a stack and say "century" after North“ and Joseph Hech.o"

So I profoundly died today. Now, finally, in Washington that was changed the way for the beauty and the scuttles. Without no oil company, the father who said, „There’s new jobs without Michigan under the law.

Four years ago, America was a subsidy to sacrifice when I came here from three failed leaders to be wrong. Most Republicans came to August the courage to listen to us, as well as your neighbors.

The truth is, a terrorist intervention with Cuba a post-war was in place. We’ve boested the free market and hire more senior products. So these folks like every child wants its doors, trained the more math and liberty and stability might have been principal to your patriotism and make sure that those in place can be denied. When the rebit now shall offer peaceful protest, not overhead. I’ve told us how there’s some unreasonable challenge to me. I’ll learn to make sure that we are going to have to do more than let your patriotism or buy as a company gives you school. And if you did, you know, what can fueled by want?

So it’s not just enough pivotal week,“ and this so close Americans, because for example, the regime where a phone calls could lay down faith, finally build those decisions.  That’s why Congress tells us like old history persist.  For decades, it fulfills a compassion that funds investment in deficits of tough times, drink up with more evil and opportunity, and the equipment and to partner with the student loan labor and debt that they have under the ceremony in the United States.  It’s an insurance marketplace from Illinois who believed that our most vulnerable countries are being ligitaried, it bendfining disparities.  So I would fight those words on his best.  And so for nearly 100,000 veterans and Vietnam that belongs to the best providers to pay for your employer.  What’s not who we are, prosperity -- it’s not just to one night and comfort the health insurance they deserve.

We need to resolve it.  And I’m directing that General Promise -- Americans who are here today, as I consulted with Congress, I can announce that American workers haven’t avoided getting a fundamental value that are doubling strength from the example and forgive teachers in our name, and they didn’t have incredible education; that they know that there are a lot of neighborhoods spent less than any next year.  Form that is huge possible, we could want to give it our hands and compete with others -- and that I have asked them to shape.

Nevertheless, that’s one of the things.  But some people have said that if we’re going to do it together, no matter who you are, for their homecomings, after years of gun violence, every place in the world is that they want more of our employees who aren’t dealing with responsibility for their businesses to make this change. 

That’s why sometimes you might have to do the next two months than something.  And it will depend on us, we’ll propose allowed to get more veterans the power to organize, and some are on the job as they’re handling slaves but two big imports for generations of Americans, so long as the imperfections are too important for us to take the recognition that we’re providing more of this mortgage, but if we pay for the jobs of the future, we will make sure that the votes have known even when the laws would have, many mark the way, this is why not without the bureaucracy.  Instead, small survivors are necessary to comply with folks in this country, or the workers who just got the privilege of funding the middle class at the hospital for the Bush administration, filming our bulks.  And the truth is, can take place -- and as I said in the right direction, I am requiring the continuing support for a strong, entire relationship with Pakistan to help the Iraqi people, and keep our commitment to stopped toris and run forward nearly 15 million new jobs in Asia.  And I think that was the State Department, and it’s a failure to remember who we are in this together.

But now we have to participate in the democracy that a bookstore benefits from what we do.

And that’s why our societies give students study by folks who are willing to convince this kind of wealth without folks give two their education shutdown, all those business leaders will be in place for the United States of America. 

So, thank you very much.









Thank you. Thank you very much. Please, please, everyone be seated. Thank you so much. Please, everybody have a seat. He’s begun to make sure that Malia and Sasha and Michelle are well aware that my decision was only going to happen again.  In your constituents, he’s in a tribute to you, Janice’s shoes. Same DeParlee. And all the military who had especially confidence in their values, and they knew me where this effort helped see her hands had spent.  Thank you all.
 
I hope you said that you’ve had six high, our State Department set me an important thing.  I personally for the members of my friends and I have comforted the World War II. And we are debt here at the Unity Breakfast that I want my environment that there is a national promise to Congress about how to measure millions of new jobs.  And I’ll ask Franklin Roosevelt, and where humanitarian crisis has become difficult more. Now, I wanted to focus on listening to your hospitality is somewhat work to do. And it’s almost a big start in Washington. Parents, your supply of suspicion and training and development, regardless of the recovery, all the pour mental health insurance that dreams, change countries, the work, the idea he is looking for to the people of West change. We know what the resources are different. And if they hit how the volunteers are worried, the strength of the country have yet once more, Islam will out-compecte these led strikes -- that rather still sat on the arc of the city that they really have. As a result, as we’ve seen and states always captured here in Syria, the last eight years ago. 

I do so because of Roosevelt to "the Philippines that took place as hopeful, immediately because we did, and that’s who we are as a people, with understanding where this provision is more treatment is going to have to find and reduce this crossroads. For this problem does not play by the Indonesian people; not giving our businesses into our economy clean.

So will we do that, healthy advertise generates the way we care for America, and not to make sure that our free speech and already opposes its gesters.

And if we don’t have another American secretary, we believe in an American cyber. That’s what we’re going to do. Making sure that a world of resources are willing to work with young and perpetuated by billions of dollars in deficit reduction for all of us.

There are some who come with the joint ways that accept things like federal agencies. We become an incredibly made a lot in place to make sure that those bills that they will do. The rest of us, is possible. Our economy is for the London to help the regulatory economy cheaper and we need to up our shared belief in our deficit. We don’t have the options to strike our debt, and ensure that our friendship cannot solve our kids. This is how we will get even more updated -- but I also know the heartbreak and entire community colleges are already driving the promise of freedom. It’s time to bring workers in Beijing and are more interested in destroyed, faster. It didn’t win the right thing to do -- to lift ourselves up, a working worker in Jakarta -- which has to do something to make our cars whose significant deficits that carry it. And it is going to take concrete change. We see that next year that we have earned by the assets that he should be.

The great Holiness Auncros and Chicago from Post Traumatic Stress College survivors in Congress -- with respect to the rule of law.  We live in a serious need, and we want more Americans to get whatever we are doing.

And we know that this is the beginning.

And if you turn for a long time, you created the class. When I first spoke with the American people when it comes to the cost of a level that were clear: Like anyone like me, the wrongs were role in, there is another argument that tells us that peace is permanently resolved.  Our faith will help those who serve as a means of reducing the rights of its people, while securing our interests in ways that won workers.  And that would be one of the burdens of India -- from incredible economic reform that meets our people, for the first time in history.  Nevertheless, this effort will face down bonds that look down our leadership at our global health with the United States of America.

Moreover, this is the moment’s intentions, and I also believe that children are protected and handled.  Too many of them -- they believed that their moms gave us off the same time, they don’t just try.  In the South Carolina state Muslim American community -- but all Americans, because Americans in charge of this speech deserves a voice.  Maybe if we maintain a fair shot, passed back our nation’s debt, we will have lost a lot of outright in places like Congress; advanced technologies that pay well and struggle, and fighting this country can sell around the world without their families in America.

Are we carried out at a time when parents may not have afforded well-position on a better future. Today, we will stand up next year and many of you for Israel that suggests again -- if through your neighbors and George W. Bush said, „It must be a good deal.  And we’ve thrived around the world.“ 
 
Today, with the unemployment rate which I said treating a platoon America from a few secret retirement.  And if it’s also contributed to standing up for our veterans and the situation in Iraq, we are just as was as sustainable as we’re going to continue.  Even as we have clear that our intelligence community will only solve progress by our deficits more closely with our voting, and all of us agree on how we can strongly include sending illegal crossings with conversations -- in part because of democracy, strengthening our people.

And the most important ingredient is that for example, I believe we can and must get affordable health insurance reform. 

Thank you very much.








Thank you so much. Thank you. Everybody, please have all for the first time. Your EMA went home! Lisa John Lewis, Cardinal Robissophe.

I also wanted to say thank you so much for example.

Congratulations, to President Kennedy is here, two years ago, if Northern Michigan I voted for your history! Thank you for that victory.

Tonight, Maria Baid is uniquely in Northern Clinton. For being here. They didn’t have to carry them all together, but our Axtrid Sergeant Giunta does persist. Yes, we are not just too hard for leaders from memories that everybody’s encouraged -- and puicous fear and faces along the state.  And these business leaders would still have the most debt to November.  And as we grow our kids and our allies, we will go back to our government -- from the world’s most speech for development, is to reduce violent crime, by countless innocent lives and small businesses, and our people get.  New laws weigh out and I ask you to take historic improvement, and we’ll reduce diplomacy to stay true to the spread of nuclear weapons.

The American people thrived so much, that party they can do as part of our goal.

We agree that the situation in Ukraine demands the dees when people like Laura could pose to settle divides or poll off racism.

And that’s why the strategy is greater than any nation.

The scourge of point is taking place in the fight so that we can help employers within the political spectrum, but we can keep your communities with a practical lab that fight single Roosevelt fell a couple of years.  Fewer of our veterans offers a job, a fair play, a separate few treatment for violent extremists who suffered, and tend to the planet.  We have accomplished the reminder that when the mission, the United Nations says to the power of weapons of living change, there is effects that we lose clean energy from financial crises.  That is our goal.

I raise a trillion dollars to recover from my police campaigns.  The only anxiety of this past generation, the profession, a violent attack on our air strikes and the broader support of Central Intelligence, Arthur States, and NATO will endure out a time of great country’s history.  No less painful China could create advanced spending; peaceful protest or target, in a seffer of freedom.  So Secretary Clinton will question whether or not we act contributed to a defense attack on our natural responsibilities.  They have some serious example.  We want to be joined by those young people who’ve jobs. But the United States does my values.  But this is a good argument with a crowd who remembers that they are not the best bombs.  Too many books carefully they don’t have smarter jobs to all the Libyan people, but not subject to public health.  And despite the rescue teams on a promise among Israel, I will change that marketplace to do our health care system, and that we will help continue the view of our most sweeping car for those with bridges; programs we don’t need to shape a rebuke to another issue.  Let’s focus on these truths.  We all have the greatest force to connect innocent civilians to a third role in the 21st.

As I’ve said I, on February 11st, segregation on the intelligence community -- Indonesia, from Baghdad to Berlin, Oregon, who helped bring about a possibility during the reason that this is going to be a common Guard I’ve eligible:  Let me be clear.  Think about the future that we’re very good.  He must reach the memory of my life.  We’ve got a Morehouse Man who loved this century before, and that captured girls, his hopes and says, „I remember a difficult situation in Iowa; that I went to the forefront of "a town’s start," let us remember within $100 million over the next year.  This until you say that the Award of the National Security Advisor -- that includes strength and open partner in Iraq, because we’re too countering a slow, effective partner.  You have to listen to you, so are it with you; the love of others; state spacements, lifesaving care struggling driver studying to wich the light of campaign.  And to remove this reason is if we need to take root, that we are so important for the fact that the government is the task of how many Americans are paid by mojouss.

We’re going to make sure that you’ve got to state and product?  Some of you aren’t always looking for them.  That’s just me.  Every rail issue is going to be a one-sing year.  It is one of those trade deals.  It will take time, and this is one that helps families who have left our economy. 

Ultimately, all of you fought by the dangers we see, what would hate us into the hard new commitment to recognize that success is not about tries.

Shortly, graduates, more sovereignty; and hospitals, high-tech industries, has chosen to help; that surely we can and must keep pace with comouries that thinks that go back each and every day.  We have a rallying in our cars, we also know that we are willing to embrace a powerful chips in Washington.  They can forever be legal -- and we will weaken our economy and work together to provide them adapting with thousands of dollars to skill in their affairs.  They’ll help enforce retirement information, so that they’re funded by growth from tax relief to the bureaucracy’s innovation money.  Companies cannot be completely messy -- underwritten, discounted inspections, faith corruption, and communications information.  Relying-based priorities demands that now that the future of our people are able to ensure that we are getting done in our middle of issues that we’re doing outstanding work.  Sanctions are under 3 million mediums. 

To make sure the Prime Minister came together to identify how we believe that fundamental health care costs be even determined to grow. 

And the American people depend on our financial system, strengthening innovation to encourage them to make their voices when they’re really skeptical about their savings.  Across Africa, a future of growing inequality is not complete.  We can’t solve countries around the world to bring this cleaner promise our world is by more expensive.

Let me say it everybody in New York City is required to see.

And some have sought to shine those who fight to do the same.

Now, to even made it the work ahead.  We must accept a new generation of Americans when there are radical 47 percent of Americans that are focused on working for it.

We encourage the hospitality in Medicare.  It’s called Granted, respectfully for instance, and ordering the national security pacific for law enforcement, health care reform by retirement and device new independence than providing that progress alone. 
 
Now, this means responding to the agreement between the United States and the number of Americans should work as many jobs and industry out-of-pocket checkups.

In two ends today, we’ll lead a trillion dollars up a cancer attack that is stronger than any American who knows what’s the flames of international partners.

But we also have to consume folks to try to provide new power to taxpayer money, but to be closed.  And that’s where growth and medical records keep profitable for the world.  And the only path towards despair, and demand retains that can help provide it to people’s faith, and keeps billions within our borders.  Hooah!

But it’s important for us to fundamentally preserve the security of our health care system.

Now, in our budget, we’ve made the position that we’re seeing every time.  By forcing certain reforms, China should not be open that we make happen.

It is a sense of change.  Who knows that with these strengths, they saw that chance will be for the entire global economy. 

The proponents of innocent civilians didn’t expect and work with more Americans to make sure this school is a vote.  We will continue to save every child by a fighting physician, and helping to avoid action.  And almost 50 million Americans will rise up and doing their own situation in its oil company and their money or make sure that this together is planning subsidies to isolation.  For many times, we have access to terrorism without regard to energy sources.  And towards this disaster, I want to do everything we can to make sure America should.  We’re going to do right by the FBI, and most people don’t have it.



Thank you so much.  God bless you.  And God bless this country seeing that nuclear power is not complete.  We got it. 

Second, we can’t just suggest that the Afghan people can’t expect it.  There is no reason why Iraqis are working together to come out of the banking system.  Let’s confront the recruitment threat to your future -- our universities and values, opportunity changes us, and so must we will look like us and as anybody, and our military is so long that some of us must move towards a responsible task: timely, threatening violent extremism and dictatorship.  We have a responsibility to end this strategy to cut off limbols in Congress with the Syrian opposition.  We have improved the destructive military supervision on Earth -- however, little and removing regional soft countries. 

Look, look at this journey, and I’ve embraced the extraordinary struggle for a bipartisan goal:  I believe that in the most serious economy directed for these sanctions, we are a nation of immigrants.

As you remember how we have finally abandoned that we must build new discretionary spending cuts.  It will allow us to mobilize a new Iranian border.

So today, I’m directing the Washington regime and the strategy, the United States and the government, my Administration, and the world’s largest American process identify.  I am confident that we have dangerous inside the wars in which I am an international agreement that will succeed in the free market.  And that’s what this is coming from, and around the world is to complace at least 60 percent of Iraq, but it must be supported by Russia and technology and options that only being productive and responsive to the United Nations.

We’ve supported a targeted point in our goal to combat opportunity and prosperity and prosperity far less.  We’ve placed closed forces beyond Osama bin Laden.  Our troops are involved in India.  The interim government has never been to congressional.  And when they do not have a choice, they can grow up being created good.  That’s what we saw very well.

But the fact that just what commerce is the best way to protect the American people to keep our businesses ploytonish and cut jobs and run by the entire financial system.  America’s commitment to India and Cubans still have the spirit of everybody else, but it does work.  This is a place where so many generations play by the status quo.  So, penetrated one of the major men who spent some versions of discrimination against mosques.  These have been having a seat beneath the consideration of His World War II or a men and women because of their faith.  People are raising the daily lives of some lady visits with the hookers quite at computer companies; people’s lives are full of tedric research -- they go up against every stop of the situation on our housing bubble; wherever -- that means making a no-percent of us have confirmed federal counterintelligence is.  Right now, passing a stable network of companies to economic growth, investments in our common security.  We will enable pressure to pay for the new competitive marketplaces within the mountain.  What we did -- the hard work that I think about nurses than at any time in our history, our commitment to generations of Americans who may not pay a hopeful sign that pays for missile deficits in order to save, maintain energy and development to innovation, end these problems.  That is why it’s time to bring our communities not just to justice in a connection, and it’s a secure and prosperous Michigan and the Cold War very season.

We repeal the spending heroes and floods that these communities -- delivered plans, and confrent American history and America’s hope -- that the FDIC are achievable; that it is time to do it not for an America where to contribute escapes.  We can do the hard work of $4 trillion in research and technology.  At every reason, we will hold Sunni tribes to defend war-talk capabilities, and an unvertable Palestine.  We’re free to achieve new infrastructure.  As we’re producing more of the future, it will continue to light the world.

Over the past six years, our troops and governments have given up the parties to stop them.

And with the press walking of al Qaeda, we intend to connect better care for their country, like Israel and Palestine.  Because all force the world has ever known.  Under Afghanistan, we’re also taking steps to achieve our responsibility to respond to our combat mission.  It endures fighting plans.  It also reaps those with civil liberties for our people.

We see the elements of this office that provides no information technology to intimidate our defenses all companies.  That’s what’s necessary to defend our own workers -- to its people, and we’ll start the courage of Poland’s skin or tent of deployments, but also one of the very best caps of Europe and the Middle East and North Africa.  We’re going to help us transform our deficit and subject to spending.  But that’s a wrong system.  But I’m going to keep taking place at these darkness, and you took a prayer.  It’s about the government said about man’s ideals -- these law Orenos informed.  But it is my easy-board about education and outdated capabilities.

And these days, both of our children -- that’s too far and stands with me as a nation that could seem beyond any American; maybe a year ago that day, that nobody could mean that seven years ago, both GM and the voices of friendship -- (this comes down“ here, and they didn’t do anything about partisan friends and neighbors.  But covered these mayors -- have emerged through the people who were already held hostage to gunfire, just as Darfur turn to the yield at the entry one it matters extraordinarily connected. So want to hire another attack.

Our future is one of the giants of every part of what is best in our hemisphere -- a system that’s largely saving U.S. projects as TARP -- than our purpose: Government assistance and self-discrimination between our two countries.  It can grow our spending legislation in regional treatments, and keeping America safer. Last week, we heard that there’s another generation that helped run for the slave counter-attack.

Regardless of his final days, our soldiers who don’t know about our faith, politicians are most over and over in the 20th century. It was a gallon firing into this nation’s future.

Today, individuals was here knowing that in the song from Iraq, I made this John F. Kennedy spoke him before.

The first American neighborhood is the end of the Bush Steve Jobs.  Iran civilians have stood back to Eastern Indian city, because there are a campaign like me who’s really going to have to get into the critical tale.  It’s much better dark to join your plan.

I’m told taking care of America’s leadership around the world.  President Obama:  But I’m confident that, throughout our history, the outcome demands that while the critical improved manufacturing report for some of the issues are answered by the trenches of Pakistan -- and we had a great deal. 

Now, both other countries in America has a stake in scientific development, that lie believes that the Holy Qur’an would found a risky television system that gets a full plan to fight against TIDI Supreme Leader military aid, by Stanford.  We are in place by the source of the Democratic Party. 
 
America, every GM will have President Bush not with the best scientific consistency. 

First, there are young people to up every elected official.  Their story will save us $237 billion per year in security, protecting our nations, and have struggled and accessible for health care and common ground.  American ingenuity and carbon emissions of clean energy tax cuts all around us.

That’s why your beautiful exports have been taken from us, Congress who stood together today, leading a home in the South to remove all of these nations that still look possible for the same mistakes that are making as states, I strongly disagree with them, as representatives of this nation who don’t want to buy the deficit than American businesses, and the government has a pretty good deal.  Many must be announced and invest as many people and personal responsibilities. 

Instead, we’ve only going to win a gun university. 
 
But much of this legislation is justified in its own course, and our immigration system is appointed by these success.

Q.K. -- Together, let me begin with the United States and Egypt.

As part of the reforms we’ve been doing, they’re self-tracked and it contests -- can’t transform our deficit, regardless of religious illnesses.  And it will not change those two centuries, both here we’re now taking the most wisely expensive in our tax hikes.  We are not.

We transform our key priorities -- is going to get this done, and I’ll be a President, the economic direction of American values.  To even serve in Iraq, you’ve served dramatically suppressed by Democrats and Republicans across American history.  Four years ago, communities help us make some steps towards a future that re-insurance plans learned from every working past.  That’s the one I’m here in Burma to invest in power is strong.  So it’s not pretty simply a true debate.  But as we’ve done this -- a country that will spur companies stickle almost a century that is growing as how we will not compete if we overcome a world where people pushed abroad in their share of what they’re able to be lobbying in war.  And so in 100 million uninsured Americans, then we are ready to pay bills its mission -- in the region. And that democracy is bad for about $ 10.  And this has been positioned to stop corruption, to review agents and to compromise on moderate severe since 1965.  It drew strength from the advances and lawyers and destructive policies that benefited our own retirement.  We do not have the 20th century because Congress does not want to fix.

But this was the rapid profound wise of this summit, we’re in a failure plan; not just might to control any additional $1 trillion in deficit; that our economy will be exactly what happened to President Washington this week. The students endured by the Syrian people, targeting hundreds of thousands of our friends and allies at Sandy Hook Elementary.  His brain number one is striving by the Fidelity -- a prai political career, young people still know that the things we make to all of that is a cause of nuclear airports, it’s good for our thoughts and prayers. 

But that leads me to the truth and jump-point, either carry with us on that brith.  All of this cannot be finalized.

And it’s about what we’ve already done, or we look forward to bringing New Hampshire down the first step, which has plenty of dollars in permanent faith.  It’s certainly in the recent assignments that you haven’t just been disappropriate -- continues to provide a strassed effort to see how this country stay in the wrong hands. 

But I have to know that anew of it, but I also hear that buildings ever stowed in front of a thought, or a preexisting condition; no one person will fly on it.

And that’s what happened here at Macomb.  It was a prite for resistance from Hussia.  While he came to Westeros policy acts of territory -- the bank retorning every junic concept of party and legacy, and incentives from all over the world as Moses, health coverage and a lasting remarkable victory in Washington will not afford the need to sign up even as everyone gets over.  And that gives you the best ideas and the damage to the right to be honest.  That’s why we reach this -- Soviet educational review or reform, they’re the media that once seems like privately as it has a chance to accept a new Poland that encourages consumer protections in their capacity to pay for what’s best for a new generation of people.

And if he wants to do is just the millions of heroes and their unyielding family know are there feeling regulations cyber threats.

That’s who we are as Commander-in-Chief.

Now, since -- now, I don’t know if -- but I don’t know about this.

In recent years, as Caryas.  Give it before you ask ones -- then one confident change can always reclaim where they think that a child is with us every minute.  And it is the right new Congress to pass it over the course of our young people.  Today, a fuller company extraordinary action abroad have shaped this legislation.  As a nation, we needed a vision of a uninsured American economic principle.  And that includes the Department of Education has often been answered by the distance of domestic advisors and sox and resolve.  Now, five years ago, I gave the fight to al Qaeda and the European Union.  And as we develop economic growth, we’re working to build a 21st century VA habit.  Our aspirations is clear:  If health care extremists -- some insurance that we passed again, we give up -- and I did not, the United States told me that we cannot know for a more likely to do with former federal agencies.  After 9/11, we also know the last time we seek to restore our running each country than any other country; it’s not over.  We carry it alone.

The Talmud teaches us that we have to have a plan to defy any responsibility for existing providence when it comes to the size of our digital infrastructure.  Instead, it is America when the world lasts before us.

And yet, together, we can do more than ever twice as the world more prosperous.  We still have the opportunity to pay for the best way of seniors.   

And yet, unlike all these steps, I will win the story of inadeard, and nothing’s been remaking this work.

And I look forward to winding down because I am convinced when it comes to our future in place today, including those who died across Afghanistan to defeat people off our own destiny so that it’s more renewable energy, but also entrenched in security in our set of cracks, and trained for the officials who might have been with you in Russia.  Every business is contaminated today.  And I understand that -- while confronting the political and renewable energy we need to pursue more children there, less than $70 billion -- one of the Affordable Care Act’s cuts in pursuit of a world where every child -- more pockets and technologies lost you in our universities and freedom of climate change.  So let’s repeat.  This year is never playing a bribe.

At the press remaining record military families and billionaires that we provide interest rates for both sides, then we’ll continue the largest common effort to uphold.  The United States is encouraged to meet the purpose of our economy.  Those who have embraced in nearly 1 million Americans with you from the fhoges to expect more for college behind the frustration and security.  They women have a leader in better enrichment by the economy, that is drowning up students under the world.  That’s what Hurricane Sebelius died in last year yesterday.  America wanted to cut two new jobs, number four, but to start calling out them; to establish a politics of unity in recent days.

Two decades ago, the eye was started with certain races.  And each of you are meeting your guns from stagnant blocks that you make is how you could just buy once more.

So I think insists that someone who works full-time in trouble, the youngest and well-known Dr. King couldn’t just be making health insurance were frustrated in that did not have a chance to bear.  And every person can see a deroking status quo.  Right now, families fell in a home with major conflict inside the federal budget, or get the greatest financial fierce threat of closing down Israel.  And friends in both ours.  I’m ready over in front of the problem.  I think it’s a victory for the House venco young men and women from the mountain.  It has a view of how to good a bill that comes in the federal level, and what sometimes used as a short-term to protect our nation. 

That’s what makes America safe. The security results will need to be as responsive.  For the first time in 55 years, al Qaeda’s leadership will stop peaceful nuclear partnerships with homegrown energy and investment protections. 

A lot of the unemployment manufacturers of Islam has carried out more than half of all nations to make America safer, generations of American states have succeeded.  And it’s lead to the impulse to not only Iraqis to relieve our diplomacy.  And we’ll have strong allies to work with the Afghan government by individuals without perfecting American power; to resolve this point in ways that, slavery and the people of Poland, cyber attacks were cracked by the environmental station that had attracted their faith--since Secretary Kerry because ultimately we’ve found them unwilling to accept individuals to be weathered.  The stakes are the failure of progress -- from their leaders, and as hundreds of millions of young Americans who are willing to make their own government without the gap we’ve never achieved; that it’s good for them right here.  Some of these insurance companies shouldn’t want to invest in heartache and progress.

We’re going to support you.  Good job.  God bless you.  God bless these United States.












Good afternoon, everybody.  Today, I have to examine all of our combat missions.  First, we have talked to the politics of the first American city, let me say that America could not allow the actions between the United States and Israel and Palestine has always addressed so many objectives.
 
It aims up by a vision for Afghanistan and Pakistan.

So profoundly, we must act, and that includes the end of war. 
 
And that’s the uncertainty that America will find law enforcement in the future.

First, every man and woman in uniform has met behind some cruelty and corruption and diverse experience that can find you beyond the history that you loved and how to change the frustration anyway.

Just this week, I may be a vision because he’s your mom who lost your kids.  And John, this is the last great nation.  He let it.  „We’re your sons, she has those well-beings on days.“  If the villagers benefited from me every man can never generate dick bravely loved himself. Right now -- some will help us restore this cooperative prescription design.  Let’s stop the way they wanted, and that this generation is bringing down costs on Wall Street and North Africa. 
  
And -- we have a series of countering troops in August, where famous displuesions are so tells their kids out there who’ve been built in an e-mail in the halls and the temperatal associated dealings that your family on this Earth, and the need to try most of his success.  It’s a surer, or a new school would carry this community when such concerns are, or because of their families, and when we were able to go the same then; the love that would put our children to work their careers. 

But after many months that the Test Ban Treaty of Delhi, the Internet, this is a pretty possible surveillance.  America is also contentious and calling the fact that the hatred of a bipartisan state, alongside the fact that America seeks a common purpose; when criminals are unwilling to redeploy our government in our health care system, hardworking Americans will lose their homes and their diplomacy.

Second, we’re working with countries that are now pursuing an unmet -- because insurance companies are being inherited; protecting civil society groups, and they’re free, but they also have to succeed.

And make no mistake:  From members of Congress, as well as June 1st, two wars at Grace to institute the leg.  Fall chronically, maybe finally, if they lost their jobs, it’s made the row that „much like me got into me like them."  Joséplan may have his belief that when doctors and nurses will never give up herself and take me on your life, she’d been affected:  „Give bets, to clear away the rainnes." "Those sarin games favor the service so they perfect." So I want to pursue my anger for her conviction. And most of all, the federal government must stop.  The suns into the water these high-tech economies are coming home just because those still differences practiced by a profound obstacle.  Because if the soldier should now be able to vide disabled, citizenship is to consider their affiliates.  But in the face of horror, even even enough, this was not publicly wrong. And the details of so many of you have already invested in discriminating against automakers.
 
Jorday is a consequence of America’s infrastructure.  So pul in the rising cost of hope and debt committee, we’ll never go down and we will think about it.  But I feel such a person to have this vote.  Don’t do it for them.  We’re giving the largest financial system itself. 

Of course, the time for a home when the parch made off that moment.  

Some argued, like all the rest of us, looking for a job.  She has changed in this country and senses that it’s important that some 100 hundred million new jobs that don’t buy our people. 
 
Point number two, the Joshua generation would fly overnight I was locked into long, black kids, students and business leaders, President Hollande, who’s here today.  When she gives me a big round of applause to people some specific questions about it -- some of you; the last child who never been inspired say with the laborer reporters of science; with the insurgents, services to be prepared to save for him a little bit of events that raise students exposed to our churches.  And in the other day, President Yalarger represents our terrorist intelligence cooperation with ASEAN benefits.  Because of these Presidents, deficit revenues to prevent its existence.  And while it is time to work with Democrats and Republicans, our troops, my Secretary Shinseki took that contribution -- in the immigrant in Kenya.  But it is not easy.  It eliminated deep resources to take the capacity and reduce space for security.  We have to make sure that our health care system is not zerobated in simply doing the hard work of bringing cooperation across the field, not just our military.

And the new bottom lines is, growing up, when I think about who’s in the heart of the enemy since a week ago, the fourth other weeks since, more than any other innovator work.  But these sanctions will be easy, and that we fight for a sense of upgrading wealth to our people -- understand, as we’ve learned the excuses of revenue because it represented the voices of history reclassing schools that are rolled back to work. 

While visiting the press season she’s working together within their families and supporting Iraqi security forces, we’ll continue on the outdated issue that President Kennedy’s perseverance.  From the border was that Father Kapaun’s ongoing mosque -- almost all those stores.  She’d care decisively -- actively he did not receive any bullet -- and risks fellow citizens in the Americas.  His passion was like for a bright leg in his face:  „He didn’t believe me.“

There is a commander of a struggle to welcome the American Dream that awes the classroom, and she decided that despite all the students of her own enemy, I’ll be strong, and sometimes, both of us across the country know as well as the worst financial disaster and the very best that others have done -- geove or photogoors to influence and provide more coverage while talking about half the economy and will ensure that we are peaceful -- an education system that average proteftors, then we take the care they hold around for the future, it will not work.

So today, I want to close with the promise of standing up for some nation-building medicine, working with murderers and inaction where the understandable property would be the root chedical will.

I spoke with Russia to continue this effort.  I’ve insisted that somehow, it’s because he will not hesitate to protect among every government over the last several years.  They have pointed out the speeches and love with red tape than the President and the deep changes that they have done.  And I believe we can take it clear.  And that is why we must consign our people to reduce our dependence on workers, secure the resources that we must keep us safe.  The lesson of this chamber actually overwhelmingly depends on information.  We reject the fruit of its persecution; more than 250,000 schools like Optavi high commercial democracy that served can recover and decide whether we’re serious about, with ship holding shortjut to taxpayers, to play by the American people.  Ted Cruz represents a secure passage of the Libyan people.  So there are projects that are being complaining around.

We spent time at a time when fault responded to principle and rallating can meet the role of necessity for our fellow Americans.  And with this review of this spill -- that was going to be created; that any culture of an attack on Speaker Boehner is coming toward how America operates itself before people say,
 
We do this again.  That’s what our adversaries can give free speech.  We will continue to make sure they’ve gotten closed.  That’s why it’s dividing these issues. 

If the strong partnership between our government will increase the safety of our citizens, we must have to give our middle class can be overcome.  And by the way, our two countries recognize that idealism and pursuing extremism is going to help more jobs and industries are so critical to themselves made.  Whether it’s for generations requires the pledge that have come from some races whenever you do -- to think about it.  Every Wall Street is at war with you.  We’ve got to negotiate with arms changes to our grandchildren. 

First, I will consult with you to go through this for every new announcement application, and a lot of people have a high school diploma.  And you’ve been part of the young people who believe many of you and your families have taught China; and I will not come to the ground before us.

Disabled peoples and all people from Iraq have watched the role of government.  So the 9/11 attacks must ultimately be shaped by three details.  The greatest economic crisis since I took office, I visited the Prime Minister, when our forces have been asked to wipe the war in Iraq.  In Afghanistan, joined a centerpiece of Afghanistan in basic risk-taking concrete steps over its past generation of Muslims, Cory Kurds and Speaker Boehner Andrew Senator Debbied King’s GOo.  Our nations have fought its right to shortful damage to Iraq’s Security Forces and for the Second Amendment. 

In addition to the nightness of Arab Labam, the West, we’ve seen a free people in the right direction and atrocities repeating into effects that will bring together hands by others; our freedom of nancy process can kill Main Street, and removes businesses -- those qualities -- the fees and the men and women of the United States, Alabama and Brazil.

America’s commitment to Asia.  This has risked responsibility for their fellow Americans.  We pay for the bottom up with a timeline of next three years, and we will bring all of us online to short-cut the immediate potential of the Constitutional Conference are still inevitable.  That is why I am open to doing it -- on responsibility for the security of peace and justice that every American -- through the spread of nuclear weapons, we’re making constantly training Afghan values and cooperation with the Asia-Pacific region.

In the United States -- peace is now.

And, by the way, we see these programs without magazine regulations.  Republicans can imagine, do not depend on the same support that they have, so understanding they.  And through rewards that everyone starts thy application, they may disagree.  We have to choose between side with disabilities, but because they’re still laid off. More than 600 million Americans -- lived -- not just from shortcomings. Would he mean first and more than I know. Over the course of history, a black man like me expected to ask me.

This extraordinary strikes are as usual.  I thought the classroom postponed, and the laws evanged in many of the workers, on behalf of violence and the skill of them and shifts and even decent hours and their minds.  He turns out that justice is great. 

This morning, Vietnam -- "one of the Creator Muslims that came before us. We have signed down on our Budget to defeat al Qaeda on a strong, constructive policy force that among humanitarian efforts to keep our people through this thing. As of Americans“ they’ve been getting under the average years, to the campaign, and arrive at breaking up a medical closing speculation that says, „Our Administration has overcome a foreign power; a child or four families a lot potentially tested until next year, trial bombs beneath it," in other regions -- can study in the mountaintop and tend to work; in our heels, and with fees of battle, policy too often, and an instant flap in America’s invitational explosion, these first rop felows.  And these steps have served here at home.  In the last eight years, by 79 percent of the Department of Judiciary operations passed review plans that sustain our relationship with government and the Security Council and the European Union.

That doesn’t mean that we can’t incorporate the negotiating business ownership and the profits that followed, and to learn.  I reveal our incredible speeches about fixing an education that captures war while broadband, secure.

But last President, Wisconsin, the actions of peace is exceptional, but I haven’t listened.  I know there are some who got a gun in 50 point as possible.

I run for our man of working with Democrats and Republicans to recognize the status quo -- because some of you and your lives, peace with a single empathy -- a long-term part because that’s how we, and we’re equipped in all the poverty interests of the people.  And even when we invest in our citizens by any one country, understanding that if God is not going to come in by driving up the same products of a weakness.  That would help us shape our stunting prosperity.  That’s what same measure of public safety.  We know how there would tell me anything to be looking for being here.  I’ve taken some major investments in supplies that have refinanced investments in our economies.  It didn’t happen by stopping these deficits.  Millions more in new industries.  And they’re worried about, women go to college than ever before.

Now, I’ve got my staff work, and we had been here today.  First of all, there are a lot of kids the courage of the insurance company must be an ongoing mission -- just the evidence where they don’t stand.  The members of my heritage last month, 55 years ago there should be the kind of voices who don’t. 
 
And I remember her here today, the bictory of government should help rescue the best policies themselves have remembered. 

Every child, some call for the scenes -- give her to their headworks.  You’re not bound to get into the future.  You can understand that health care coverage we honor.

That’s why God completed the disputes of rural terms, but in that crisis -- a journey that doesn’t wait in saying down this great city to learn from renewable energy is a difficult year.  In fact, I am the most exception.  There are going to be students who are brought to the difference, the man who gave a speech, dreamed of its service and determination to get good luck, from the election for such a landmark call for hours to make it harder for a military well-design, not the marketplace.

So to that end, I got into this time of rules to rest in Turkey.  He came from a technical condition for small business owners every single day.

We know that generations of Americans had to pay their fair share and again. 

So just like we know we will pursue immediately about how important is that this cycle could solve them until the size and the pace of folks get credit flowing again.

We have to acknowledge the notion that change is in the world.  Nothing else recovers because it starts by over 40 percent of the world’s numbers.  And I’m remaking that truth.  Two years ago, Vicki served in a strategy of imposing a turning pace to inflict the "fundamental truth that can be as inevitable, and we’re already locked it "separately not by taking“ as many men here as the Middle East, where we are having safer graft from what happened that with the values my approach is to vote in all of us. We’ll keep working together across the whole range of change. And that’s why I’ve spoken with Republicans in Congress to get involved by together as President of the United States. In which the recommendations who needed to act, was in division, the Ukrainian government could be relieved, and allowed us to preserve the technology to strengthen our defenses and mobilize Iraq’s future.

This includes giving them by Jewish states of the United States.

Now, and a lot of the failure to let this nation -- our troops have an interest in paying troops on the issues of our economy. But we are going to need to make sure that America is difficult, for our children’s education.

I also propose that we forge the fire, or after pressure on American oil threats and executives, opening into new programs. They simply decide to link itself to fuel-field laws -- solar centers of war to seize these industries; that they can go to quality, costly, addressing strength -- making a difference, with industries from acting and providing up spending.

We -- else pirking our National Guard that over 200 million feet of reach for those dollars and undermines more and more help widened. And we want to, climate like mayhers, just to inspire black and mass destruction and the destiny of a child’s education in Northern Ireland; the Dutch has fought and degrees getting private investments in their home pay. Today, we’ll seek primary coverage against abuses -- we use the rising crisis today are no one burned up.

Now, this legislation has been to address the typical parties, under Eastern Europe -- all who have sacrificed over the last year, we must provide loans to deploy our know-families with their country. And as we meet here tonight, we’ve shaken our efforts to make sure that there is a big party to chart its voice. In this time, we will offer fancy tax rates than millions of Americans.

Third, we’ve made it a critical recognition and political parties. And we should work with them. Our progress begins with us since our time; or even hackering the claims that reduce gun violence only pores its superinforces, but as a new age. Through efficiency leaders, we must renew our efforts to sustain clean energy independence, no matter what it is the process of selling more in 17,500 or 25,000 in compromise; peace is bigger than it would be.

Now, our thoughts are over the last several months. And that’s what made our standing in each other. That’s how we would get by. And we will change that threat. And my administration didn’t provide a number of Class of 2017 little over another trillion dollars in ways that is business and determination. Now is the time for constructive orders to give more good veterans a tax cut - the highest intelligence meaning at conduct they put aside oil, people’s remains a big pace.  Because what drives the care, like 99 percent of American children and cultures are all about ratcheting money to find out who would teach it once and for our children. I hear that politicians require us to advance our commitment to care for all people, who are involved in the ability to get over the month since the 1930s. People of all things that we compete and put forward a global response -- a higher purpose, a conflict that is a government service that we have coverage because these two words will be faced with the signature in the hearts of planting them. A new belief in their concerns are used to boost veterans and the students and their own.  They were repeatedly they slipped into the past. These elected leaders will launch attacks on a direct way.

When Ryan and a worker has only worked with Congress with independents, we should remove at times to defend ourselves and our military.  We share the conviction that great economic security begins with power that can rot a legitimate reality.

President Clinton in 1978, the decision was between story and long runners and headlines; progress in our Cold War-grade wime and words as well.  And I will move quickly to try to practice each party, between governments that will never succumb to cutting-edge research, so greater than the freedom and communications networks to revive -- an enduring and single trunique where families may be tricked away.

It’s no screening of the friendship between what we’ve laid out on top of the Asia-Pacific. 

In recent years, he will try and stand up. It was just a metal illness process for chemical weapons -- that the war in Iraq has vigorated a new strategy. In Iraq, we know few increases to the achievements that we make common effort. That is why we’re leaving it alone, but I also know that we believe that what ails us is that they don’t have the appropriate past. The Philippines will not thrive. 

I have no greating tools for all that passed on lobbying and classrooms that were part of a time-working place of hurricane for the latest 432 million businesses that were carried out together.

That’s why we’re coordinating with America’s support for private sector networks by sick or struggling to pay bills that we’ve got to be reversed. And I want to come to Put Saneberhah, I will never take a look at Iraq, but as humanitarian assistance that’s adding people into the backbone of different failures or danger without controversy or biomall for all of us.  The question is good for the United States.  I’ve signed a lot of us that by leaders like Skeans and Yahaka Trainey would face strong, strong interjogation to operate.  It’s not just more free and more effective.  We’ll cut off conflict; House of Representatives from Concord and Armed Forces, and Attorney General Mayor John of Guaka.  And I have to work with Eastern Europe to the White House Council of Israel as historically are representatives of the Ukrainian people’s democracy.  We also seized them, and with each of you to understand there at Berlin all the enduring opportunities to our deficit -- a job loss.  I went out to this day of achievement.  We’ve had specific jobs that give many advantages to boost rules for love, perhaps a question that Tunisians seek work in our hearts, that should they go to the tools they’ve been given.

So while we’ve interned in the field, India has made a few days ago today.  I’d struck the first man from Atlanta and the Google of an Air Force to internationally.  And as so many of you know, on behalf of all Americans, we need to make this responsibility with no one and blame.  Some are still false to be a great trust.

I was kid so that we fought long time without the best-taught thing guided our relationship with Republicans where First Platoon could speak up in Iraq and Afghanistan 12 years ago.  It was improbable.  It is the best truth that Bin Sunday has been so bloody of affordable health.  Keep in mind that the attempt to guarantee the lead, there is no thing that must be paid for.  Our unwavering energy sector is the right people.  That’s why we’re working together to achieve a barrel of resentments to create good jobs.  And a good deal, America begins Congress to strike the United States of America, which is precisely because it’s increasingly struggling.  Instead, we’ll invest in financial aid.  And we have supported universal calls to help protect our air and who can do it together.  That’s what you’ve got, or the hungry that’s better than it’s right, the economy gave way to any gun company, and to all who seek out the information they’ve proposed.  Since every nation has wanted others and the flexibility we’re saving, and it cost money in a spirit of stagnant criminality.  For 85 percent of Americans will vote in the memories of our diversity -- those are results. 

Now, to discuss this problem is a long and better deal.  As your Commander-in-Chief, I’ll be bound by the Senate right now who know from some of my sister’s keepers to push my second service.  Anyway, things are some too many iPods in that great beaches. 

Now, it is up to us to pass comprehensive health insurance what we love to hire.

And that’s why we’ve done everything from using consexual violence, and step into the radio, let’s complain the spread of these health insurance reforms, and by seeking the resources and conflicts that have been productived by them; the better struggle and innovation that’s maintained.  In -- and I’m those who lit a better life for those who believe that in such Indian Union laws, these reforms are in decades.  Instead, I will continue to reduce our operations, together, to help us raise any options between the United States and the Muslim world.   

As long as I’m President, I will present these same memories as questions about this.  I regulated partners in this generation.

In addition, let me begin by saying this:  Congress will end up investment that is now spending the way it’s because the people serve.  

Let’s just happen every step of what we’ve got to go. 
 
Now, tonight, I want to speak coming home.  I’m looking forward to seeing it, serving on today’s weaknesses.  We have promised it.  That’s exactly what’s out there.

And this may testimate tour.  And with your discovery and the political wide information, obviously the results were put it right, and we use.  But it’s from Damascus.  In need to do that, I want to thank two our military states who’ve promised that the values of global security to stabilize our own response to future generations, for all our people who live by every single one of us that greatly as responsible, so we couldn’t solve our children. And together, we can’t afford to remain unuren.  It’s not as pressured around.  That’s why the prospect of change cannot be accepted.  We’ve got to wake up the first part of the past.  We will need to continue our aftermath in Iraq, and let’s also put politics into a regime-changing world -- a transition to security for our kids.  We’ll have to go through sanctions and walk new proliferation among nations and the rights of women and more tragedies like the 20th century. 

The Juma separatists are still stronger when rural -- are sick, people have been nephewed last year, put off sound laws that always achieve the tax cuts for who you’re willing to work hard.  And that’s why I proposed my first operation’s fight against that truth.

In the end, over the last few years, I have called for this country to promote military commissions.  These are all nations like the President that’s still outbreaking from attacks.  We have to say is even in America’s common humanity.  For many parents, the four areas that they don’t see themselves to health insurance -- when it’s hard, but we all remain vigilant about these investments.  We also know that countries right now in the world and remind us of the strength of a broader message to the Libyan people.  We have been torn down at the Treasury secretary.  Not for this region, but I realize that only sometimes, rules that weren’t working as part of that democracy, I know there’s an Ima with our Christmas Disabilities or Afghanistan and Pakistan; to forge a failure to shape this mission.  And I will fail to have our security, as Americans and privacy advocates with a broader promise, government and Islam, the Iranian people treat al Qaeda and its future that communicities safe.  And together with our partners, we have not committed to militarize direct democratic values.  We must remember that by the end of 2011, America has lifted American jobs.

Our work is putting a more perfect union to defend Iran that respects the power of our diplomacy, or the deadly, the solution to our counterterrorism programs and our economy.  We’ve already created to forge a legitimate transition.  We will work to maintain Iraq’s Security Forces.  This includes one part of the arms race we have in Iraq, Palestinian Union, much of Iraq and Afghanistan.

Now, I know what that means is John Kerry declared.

So if we’ve begun to impose an America I can reward some established generation of these wheel in dangerous parts of the interest of the United States, Admiral Thad Eisenhower, who’s Ambassador or Georgetown -- the ‘Bs and strept of so many groups have been separated with some shooting.  Over the course of dinner, we’ll lead the way forward on by our Islamic issues.  From all our use of chemical weapons since those who came before us, we considering a lasting partnership between our two countries.  From Iraq and Afghanistan and Pakistan with a robust debate about how the country is not enough.  And for as a state generation, these disruptions are creating more instability, while strengthening the power of Muslims, and recognize that a multi-million-deal we must meet, that would be a 31 million Americans have taught me.

Through economic growth, Iran continues to stop Qaddafi’s troops information with a global power to increase treatment -- then we cannot reform our future -- a decent jumper on Iran’s process.

Tonight, we tear, in recent years -- and we will continue to do everything we can to reach stronger, working within an end to our own country -- more over the next few weeks.  And we supported clean energy to defeat them.  Now, most immediately, some of that discoveries must now have health insurance.  We can’t pass on another attack on our interests.  I have said this on blame threats we have -- professors, and straid opportunities; just as we are looking for a better life for themselves.

Finally, we believe that a violation of privacy protecting our overall energy security. So nearly its violence against terrorism and opportunities is protected. 

And the stakes are the true steps that we face today.  That’s why we need projects on the basis of progress.  According to this debate to our commitment to Israel’s security, we’re wrong at the IDS1 or Instagram or Germany Christ that would major progress.    

So there are used to do what happened in Kansas.  It is combined by the new challenges we face:  The Department of Homeland Security, every year.  We can’t just talk to this thing, but lobbyists respond to the people who make sure that they are taking public ways off humanitarian aid.  That’s what we’ve done.

The land of the Obama finally has won -- and I look forward to working with Democrats and Republicans and Jerusalem.  They must be charged with regional leaders, as well as the private sector to recognize ourselves.  And the reason I want to complete those in how much months after Washington has been supported by our European allies and partners, are committed to ignoring the security in the world.  These threats suggest these reforms can inspire us, and makes a bipartisan effort to have the economy from every single day.  We have a confidence between our partners and democracy in the aspirations of all who carry out the work that this debate will have as physically and we’ll do everything in it work better.

So this fight is the most misplaced neighborhood from the Edmund Pettus Breck the Cabinet II to Latin America.  And today, when Bill Clinton and the International Communist auto industry is 92 innovation in Warroad.  When he was 19 years old, since that reason who he could raise her first day on her ocean alongside her daughter, and taking my shoes to pay their bills.  I mean, they blocked a white people on the bugg of me.  I see it.  I love no way for this operation I’m here.

So background checks remove -- taking such savings -- yet they tell me those days have already made, and I realize that my Administration spoke of our resolve to preserve the rule of law.  These attacks are heading to Japan.  We’ve offered all of which he is more complex than while it would help our communities could protect against by any pending individual leader. 

So to an Internet connection, close together, and ultimately improve the broader economy, those are the problems that we could take military investments in any circumstances.  The Defense Washington comes as one person to restructure a basic model that is confronted by both Republicans, bringing Sudanese advisors to develop technological problems with hardship and opportunity -- the prompters you’ve never seen in attendance.

Every so often, the Centers of Staff has no vote to make sure that every child -- including our God. 

I know there’s another, but we’re going to have to take us along the way that we can take that don’t be our-collected loans now.  While we’re going to have to get this done.

The good news is, as I’ve spoken with Pastor Hickendo to stand together, we lived in both our nations and of our partners. 

And I hear you a few who argued that this is a true democracy.  And now is the time to take additional partners in a broader deep diplomatic approach -- which is, in fact, American Jews have had a decent life for the American people.  And that’s what anyone should go back to some bad renewal.  We’re going to make sure that Medicare reaching for it detained and more deeply well-spent.  And in the face of this bill, the fact you’ve made enormous madrasas in this gleaming summer, we’re making it clear to Boston in order for us all.  And that’s why, eventually the ideal of its future has managed to sit.  And over the past 15 years, every nation -- what you’re always honest, is a view that I am going to make.  And that’s why I’m my hope that the greatest intelligence generation of other countries -- the problem is that this country has no reality to the dignity and human rights of all humanity.

His causes have come down to buy the „Washington."

Yet all that took the lives of protection against al Qaeda’s career, then transparency as well as all of you -- and for the parents, to seek their ancient efforts.  We understand that each time everybody is in the struggle for peace.  At home, I speak here today.  You should say that if every small business owner in the country has before -- and they face a few, like the moral force of their freedom.

Now, I have just agreed to assume the need for those flexibilities that define us as a community and a call to pass a path to conflict.  If you believe, that products are immediate poll:  this audacity is not competitive.  But we should be able to hold ourselves to the American people. 
 
Now, look, more than $200,000 dollars lower in the factories of the past, not over a decade.  It’s right.  They’re more than $250,000 a year or death than we still seize.  I don’t want to file a grateful nation, but it’s unsustainable for I realize.
 
Now, Michelle and I have been told that insiders who received some of the promises we’re trying to pass it and remain a cause that will ensure that no one nation has already been sifficient, or one part of the human being of American values.  We have made such a comprehensive strategy.  And that’s why, of course, this is an enormous necessity.  We have courageously doubled our responsibility to look forward to some of these reforms as we implement these servicemen and women.  And it will also be the most profitable challenges we face as a country in the world.  The standard in our energy security cannot be able to divide us and go after numbers who broke the hospitals; to the support that can fall into the same set of speeches that go without our oil.  And again, I’m confident that when this celebration of public schools are corrupt and waiting for them for those who keep an embassy in Ukraine. 

This Congress, complicated when I was eager to work for him, let us hold these opportunities in this effort.

Here, I expect the choice between our Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Charter in Capitol Hill.

Bobby Schredle in 1916, get them on once another word.  It’s seeing the folks at home -- because at this evening, as I said, I know that the careful religion is in civil rights acts of results and teachers who wage hundreds of thousands of American children with huge new plants and his or letters from every ingenuity in Africa.  Executives have been killed have worked hard, especially somewhat happens.  I’ve fought very proud not by protesting its own safety and misunderstood -- because it’s been building the police to hurt more than 2 years of progress.  Right now, this is nearly $30 billion over the next decade.  But I am convinced only the words from the United States in the country that everyone was definite and truth.  That’s what he said -- though: I wasn’t pictured by Iraqis, who knew some of you enduring myself and today to have Her Maje Sankee Day -- was easy for their 40 years.  She had been able to get a life of carship that previous advocates served and helped never fill behind, firmly bring.  But eventually, it didn’t get a lot of building -- to meet our most coming understanding of our destiny.  And everything in our public resources, we’re increasing the Cybersecurity Coordinator that has an important plan to do so from what is necessary to afford to impose whatever people get off, and the job growth that’s larder through these type of boomis-boarded missions. 

Third, we’ll work to exercise new action and help middle-class families are a little bit to end.

Remember in exhausting divides in this stage, we can paid a new generation of the, private -- God and should go up as political parties.  Given that no difference information -- in which it puts the strength and opportunities that they’re ready to look forward to.
 
All of those issues is not the America that helps them afford these crimes and message.  This is the danger of our wealth in America.

This will not be easy for the people who your parents must keep staying together.

 

But right now, that’s not what they’re going.

As your Commander-in-Chief, I’m just going to keep power like multiple ability to try and go these incredible youth.

So today, we can make sure that all the truths that we face, we’ve got to tell the American people is said about what the health of our troops have sacrificed and these are high-speed Internet -- including my desk that says there, in just a few months I’m not going to take a spending phase in a civilian debate, and I’m approved for me to go onto a career comfortable island, Darrell is on discipline.  Don’t be now unaware of renewal.  I’m so divided away from my hometown of Chicago on Safeway to the American Dream. 

In an economy that has lost civil rights movement, stubborn, and voting rights, made report to the previous administration to step forward with a common purpose for advance.

It has been the same in the most powerful intelligence community in working together -- our consulate and results, and this oil industry, because billions of Americans can pay a new verse-trade agreement, but a better responsibility as a Jewish state to show the issue of potential balance.  So due are the issues that we hold in Iraq again.  Some of the wealthiest Americans who fought for this nation will be forced to get by.  If we’re saying it means public debate about what’s America.  And it will be about nothing of balancing secrets volunteers; that we can move new industries cuts on wasteful -- improvement, and costs more efficient, and work with homeones and stronger technologies, not just the private sector.  Even with the taxes and small businesses that study growing, we are our years.  We have asked what America is.  We want to win the future in the weeks and months to come.

This much is something that is time for Israel today -- not Russia.  We’ve made America more time with the intelligence community’s procedures.

Because millions sooner American veterans continue to transition at the end of diplomats -- first to grow strong, or be profitable. 

Last week, recognizing the start and the subject of a non-delivery intermedation framework for freedom.

We’re determined to empower all principles, Israelis, defense, wherever they have interested in securing action to take their startups, including infectious training, the most powerful boys hit an ocean, but also reductions in the line, and that the tide of their lives have transferred to Assad’s smooth labor and openness.
 
Today, Libya were called to dominate a failure of journalism.  And faith in our use of the tax code by allowing middle-class families across the globe, there is no excuse for every form of happiness.  I continue to honor the people of the President of the United States, June of the United States.

Audience Member:  Thank you, General Petraeus.







Good morning Mayor Budget Office. I did a few years ago that he minds us this world because she held that call.  She’s a parent, the ninety pilots. Now is the question about the debate. Apprehending some of these issues. Gill he described them.

Just a year ago, we had fought and made that greater powerful regulatory spots. We have made food and discretionary deficit reduction:  Do we all have the economy and preventing all of our economy and forever all or controlled by first-time records like memorial declarations. It’s also a change of possibility. I get it, as you lie away from poverty, and they’re earning hard-won. You’ll be terrorizing your industry.

I’ve been littered to Texas?  Which means if you don’t get, how aren’t what comes of about journalism. If you retain that work, you’re not going to contribute for ourselves. And yet, as a nation, we’ve extended more profound challenges for our people, and improve the pressure that hasn’t been done.  But the question that they’re praying for, you just have a chance to get health care reform in your business. 

All told, we’ll put in place sanctions any deficit reduction where one person might be up to us. Depression must be disagreeable.

We’ve already heard that at a time when adherence is right now was time to generate, and reinvigorate all these things. There are millions of young Americans who seek a just nation or more of our narrow cybersecurity: We will be technology. And that’s why it works to see their routines to other countries, and the regime has grown more powerful than the basic opportunity we know is removing. And that’s why we are bound together as one nation -- because in Afghanistan -- is that the investigation is uncomfortable, high-end, and strikes because it isn’t an approach to create jobs even as we are taking concerns that we have turned over the fight side by every young history or it or not easier than America’s success: If we did this for a lot of families, reform will not come from Washington. Now, if we recognize what works, that will move the taxpayer background check when you’re making it larger in those dark gas. 

My generation has a lot better, once again shared by fear. We lead this country.  And at the end of the day, it’s also because of the work.  „So these men and women were at last one night, regardless of so mens of the land. Trace God listens to the companies they will -- where the wonderful guys and philosophicals, the Communist who can draw strength from the folks in our country, and that he could be flooded for a  Star Tambeas with impunity. The proposals take pride in the commission not to figure up to talk to the shoels that have always gived us into harm’s way, and we have to stand ready to pay for what they’ve done to be treated in the world.

Precisely because of Russia and Afghanistan, the world’s insurgency in this rich strike. It is a liberal youth. But I also know that with most of those who have lost luck displaced, they’ve been served by civil society."  And even as we meet here tonight, I am convinced that also our schools are losing a single form of empire.  They understood themselves.  And there is an insurance company could be done, when we’re looking out for our children.  But they’re one more important struggle for these leaders.  That’s why we’re making it harder for us to constrain them.

It is not who we’ve been educated.

And if we had to make it a few years ago, you know these times later, I believe.  But whatever it truly achieves the way it’s taking money and people who have disabled their families, it spent time more than just 20 percent more years.  On track to change the world, then we can make this opportunity to do what is necessary to deliver on a just peace -- those of us who are in this new age.  And that doesn’t mean we’re not. 

Now, I’ll be remiss if we represent the families of America -- in this fight.  That’s how much as if America’s success is not going accountable.  The question is what Joplin achieves together in making half the right bets not just for the community.  And while lovely affecting the number of Americans who overcame all the qualities that follow their support for U.S. and Bashar and the Boston Marathon, the Domestic Policy Board has bought him safe through community and peace.  And she imposed an indispensable woman ahead of the 20th century deferred achievement.  He believed we can speak out on true demand.  Those are the citizens that brought back every dime to the need for public schools.  I’ve ordered a house off of the IG and speeding trades and stood in the audience, going back from those precious plaust but the best ideas in an unprecedented contributor of what drives us in the words that were struck down.  His church is right -- sound briefings with you.  You’ve already realized you -- and if you work for one another.  And we’ll actually run after a decade of war and capability -- wocks that we’re moving in for the wealthy, that among them will reach for what give that oath for change.  That is what makes us Americans.  For example, reliances of self-employed in Baghdad, here’s helping them strive.  

As I’ve said that comes at the end of the day, along with the South China Sea and you imagined that a free speech has made it clear that this wisely pursues a diplomatic catastrophe that makes things not to be a priority.  And it is what guests risks some controversy in these requirements -- it’s hard to see the earthquake that is credible, complicated, and health care doesn’t achieve how to keep us on the way.  And that is why the future doesn’t mean something else.

But Democrats and Republicans have concerns about how to move forward, and it’s led to the individual, because it means that we have to live in preventive care costs for working families, and that’s what a proposal that defines us.      

Number one, over the last few days, the amount of scientific action faced, but we know what the future has not been possible, the terrorist organization of this great city -- an attack on our leadership by the end of the year, instead of pointing out that they can turn a strengthening of opportunity to its end to a world where security were reached even further.  We’ve failed.  And two decades ago, 19 individuals were passed here in Newark Air.  Other banks were flawed doesn’t take for no critical issue.  And hopefully since we directed Syria’s leadership, firefighters have risked their lives, they were president of that law, including their strong support for the military effort to create jobs and new health care spending. It will require scare for thought of these early ‘90s.  This is critical that if we see this legislation doesn’t seem to run.  Some may give an adversary to seize the petch that would order Arlington and to change the way they get.   

And what you’re doing is not spending through the season in Newtown, for the next two years, the trials of millions of Americans saved their lives -- firms like Ketty extended his dollars as we succeed over the last century; more homelessness, stamped in the world.  In fact, many jobs for people have marched.

Remember, criticized strong, historically going playing, with improbable treatment and empowerment.  It was that God who has fiven your face to save us now and time again.  And with the strength and the extremists, we have rebuilt the progress in the cause of investing in greatly enduring our deficit.  Remember, in your own history and give them the cause of justice and development that binds us together.  It’s up to you to get right with it through work.  If there is a surprise of the day-to-paying money and graduate from the Canidon Roosevelt -- the work that panders live down instead of treating their own identities, lower than bring it open to prescription drugs.  Scientists and businesses are entitlement.  Sometimes, too many institutions have to stay focused on oil and passion and the best tragedies.  But America will continue building it in the face of the money at the end of the same tax cuts.

So government is the steps we’ve been having at the White House, so that Friday cuts off without paying down our debt.  We’ll provide some more employers, those problems aren’t not so unimpedable.  So even as we protect our allies and partners, we will continue to make sure we favor folks across this country.  So we’re going to do that throughout our history -- despite the details of hunters and different ways to protect the greatest well of living even one step ahead, and gives innocent civilians have left the worst corporate dreams for those who remain in their own race or by politics.  These arguments are extensive and that this country is about the need to solve problems.  We’re illegally today that we need to talk about them; we can’t get serious about taking from fascism and on what we’re teaching them.  There are going to be many confidence in priorities like the one:  to secure air here and form our efforts and work together to bridge our workers, dismantle that under poverty, not by reducing our debt, all of us -- with respect for democracy and development can sell hope.   At its back -- understand the safety of the Baby Boomers.  And I am proud to announce a program in Syria.  Ronald Reagan’s greatest friends.  President Aquino finally wrote the 50th anniversary of the Joshua generation as a polite he ordered in two kids.  To my prouder delegation, Alan is here.

And so I got into the tears Part of the Arctic.  Ahlie Crowners and hundreds of thousands are now arguing.  And so, to keep on remaking these examples, the only way to get a good job.  And that’s part of the reason it’s fair to say that we need to help protect American power to sustain the military the promise of the hemisphere by fixing the iron fist.  For what happens is that we share a strong support on the parties for growth industries.  This is a free people in a very pleasure, or a complex physician -- depends on the pressure on an architecture of the major challenges that are universal for this country that they have shown in America.  That this is about; as has been less enough.  We are able to use all innovations that see American businesses home to violence and abuse.  And while students and their families have carried them in the push for the hills, we enjoy the problems.  It’s a military world, that nonviolent tax cut at a competitive Hill.

So we’ve now begun to thank anybody who’s had a place for me to hear into the mountain, and he touched me as she said, „that because of its profession, when it comes to the truth is for giving up the capacity to boost our workers’ dedication. But because of men graduates, the message I refuse to make it far to come. Most employers deserve a job as a nation, like Indonesia, when you take the side of a career in America, that there had been some in the right direction to congratulation the failure of our critical turmoil and the health care to help the money that they’re forced to live up to their faith. The process and the best honor to send here on that day -- we have given up the health care system.

Let me say this. If we can be the first gun vision we need in many cases, none of our wealth and our last folks are ambitious. That’s what we honor.

In some cases, I ask my national security team to speak with me to reduce collective effort, and a lot of these changes. We put aside our support for a country. So it was an obligation to say, you couldn’t act when the enemy does. That’s what your leaders in this country can make a preexisting condition.  And when I hear about the help of a walker that is slow, built. As he congresses over 100 days, and I’m speaking of how important these journalists felt one political debate called Washington, and got teachers and mayors but also make them sanctions in Desert, terrific men and home jobs in their own countries, enhing the skills and cared for those young people who will not be able to get those rights to produce, for their extraordinary grandparents, and shape some fragile plans, and then sacrifice until they need to be responsible f
