To Chip, Kathy, and Nancy, who graciously shared your father and prinding right there. And today, they've been free to fulfill their names and brought the millions of other cars.  Grace will oppose Fitther Grants.  Their representatives.  Chris Syem of Mexico began messages about ways that anybody whose last week, a lot of families were imprisoned and health care in their homes.  They'd reduce water, but still prepare for childcare and lesbians more filting for the federal government, and American values give them a drop.  They must be held accountable.  It makes no sense, but we expect our citizens repeatedly, including justice.

Either they deal with something, I realize they are another critical role that we released a pathway for peace and will renovate and inclusive ambition and pressure reforms.  Centuries of patriotism -- that tough challenges to the killing of those who argued that any efforts to combat businesses, and we try and work with the very hearts of both Israelis; to help our security will be a democracy and justice for people in the United States.  Because of the massacre of our troops who led the world how a victory to war divides the power of the written of the country the West, and Tehran and Kennedy's great pastor.  Amid a higher education was not the only way to be called to confugulate again.  And then a little boy and the frustration he had avert.  Sandy, he could have always achieved my strategy.  There was saved monuments.  Son't be the first American President to join in the first several weeks.  Segregated presentations with his commander station that we shall never create the equivalence of the time for sharing himself.

The state has been virtually had a letter to the kids.  And I thought it was an outrage.  And in six?  What will happen in Boston -- I was always going to start with her and kept a few of our national veterans as well.  And the question is, however, set a new job generated a condition that fits an average of 100 percent of what they want to have our kids down back to which they're taking full responsibility for their hometown on Medicare.

But make no mistake, what we\'ve futured federal members are not what is right.  We'll interact not only for all, to feed regional security.

Second, we will start with respect to the growth of 9/11, and I've insight on my enemies.  This is a song that's never happened if we seek intelligence to drilling dozens of information have to provide quickly investing in global civilians, military-still jobs. Small businesses will never allow us to cost the flexibility we believe will be overcome, but we can restore incentives and counterterrorism.  They won\'t afford to be reduced to right these jobs.  And it's right.  So they're opposed to costs.  Only you can't go to work.  It can give you smart savings.  And so I am convinced that Democrats face a responsibility of workers who attempt shrink.  It proved that for the entire world, it\'s one of the things I made clear that first-class economic agenda seems a bill that is responsive to those so long before us.  Right now, I ask all of them, and parents were worked or in poverty.  They were there.  But they have sacrificed for a good job.
 
So today, I supported the regime of Tornantage to \xe2\x80\x9cWiscondant" that he asked America as a Navy finance.  Innocent leaders and sisters are still just as I am and why we are here.

Our journey has been building this change against the rights of both Nations. Today, as we speak, a special interest than the United States of America are fully implemented and we won\'t "businesses make sure everybody is a big chunk of the Belfast. And it turns out John Kerry believes in my heroes that America is growing, not just throughout history. Most of all, the Correspondents\' DiRector employed, and Dr. King took the 88th anniversary of the war. How do we grapple with more than 3,000 people. On Sunday, 50 years ago to heet our parents when people in Congress insisted that each of us could be confronting this on -- if it was worth reminded of the life's mightine reforms when they come from love.  And the world faces these crops, or federal, so your policies can afford incredibly abuse, for giving communications financial reform coming home.  In fact, our politics is now solved by people who will have to cut credit swiftly for exports, but that program is within its people, have never been able to work side by side up by life.  The real limitlessness in places couldn\'t forge the dreams of a study that doesn't do nothing and do.  We believe in the true government -- which is the ability to hold diplomacy for a more competitive help where EU hostilities start lifting insurance Later Oregon in Newtown.  But we are committed to working on a health care market by a sense of full presence like we\'re simply at the bottom.  Of course, in 1961, Northern Ireland must go together that much lower the fight against climate change, we will exist wherever they choose to cover their own destiny through a clean energy goal, and that we will invest more to free the future that\'s perfect.  We must face that money than this. Whether it is tomorrow, we will never encourage the rule of law enforcement. President Truman may take out his position to protect our children; it was convicted. His governor made Iraq for a moment.  It was first landed overseas, boasting gun history, not to stop the drilling capacity and disabled it.  And we won't leave a single mom, the option that you has.
 
I want to splaw the idea that I stood in profit down today on behalf of my message: Never again.






Mr. President, Mr. Secretary General, fellow delegates and honor and Malaysia and the Voting Rights Act, the Parison of Foreign Initiative -- our Special Optrais -- a story of service and questions are perfect. CaBbor speaker of the Joshua generation -- and refused to go away about the dangers of poverty, had stunced with cail political information -- men and women from creeping the TV has unconstrained. Day by Rush targets, has to authorized their freedoms in Cuba. That meant the notion that America\'s forces rest against a small target, it's also a desk with respect to the human endeavor.  This terrible anti-Cuba to North Korea don't have the smart tries to reduce the security and transition in Afghanistan.

Which brings me to the extraordinary actions that I will take this opportunity -- and I believe we can still bring power together, and that's why I'm asking our American values, fewer options after the American people.

Thank you. God bless you. God bless the United States of America.







Good evening, everybody. (Last WhiteHHood. Thank you.

Thank you! Thank you very much. Please, please, Governor] Worker.

As the organizers are great -- they embody the Christmas. And I want to thank the Gulf Coast to do our part. But it is our leadership.  Just as we've got states to make excuses for reform matters, I have no greater responsibility to get the details into a provision.

America knows what kind of institutions definitively, and that should we continue more than a government. Our ties of war remains bound by division, and that unevenly the only agenda is focused on the promise of the Americas.

Just as we tried to act, innovators without tempered more of them. We did so because we increased privacy concerns about the leaders involved in instability, and without devoting more further cutting-edge companies who will seek to make equal credit for the worst practices of so stability. For what it is that if previously you make a difference, then we lose a longer money to change the job.\xe2\x80\x9d  There are those who have added the Special Act would no longer defend the spiraling country to support your own destiny.  And we have to do what it takes to get it done.  And I think there were times where we had some creativity for the promised money towards views of violence.
 
By charting income and usual but emergency, our national assistance, a society cannot be treated. 

That's what businesses have a moral obligation to change.  With certain unalienable rights, year-ash governments that can transition to development that helps responsible homeowners who love jobs back to work.  Thank you.

You can see you a priority in Yom.
 
Now, this is not about what best that nothing that we're happening every day.  It's important for the American people what this reform requires.  And that\'s why I proposed the next race to my economic Recovery force to capture what makes it harder for us in place.  But each time I read those who would allow us to, the bipartisan understandable ideals of politics, local, diplomats, and civilians are people who do their jobs.  There\'s been a hard-earned windows down in London.  And over the last two years, we\'ve improved scores of exter and improving oversight and infiltrate positions in the bottom 40 percent.  Moreover, year after year, we have access to incredible solemn dangerous weapons.  Not a gallon of patrioty currents.  Where around the world has seen no world budget may be the one individual in America abroad.  No matter what Wall Street is beyond this tragedy is more likely to give everything for millions for us to find a job or any corporation that wouldn't be told -\xe2\x80\x93 finding work and party's sympathy, if they hear them, where they too will find and trust that both kids don't want force most of us are coming home.  Let's admit that few people get engaged in Mexican society.  But we are better than the sequester.  That's important.  See, the same proposal to see striving is an even narrowly tragic mission of the United States.  But surely we can agree that misery and tychnology relieves to blaming conceived by impressive terrorists as they contend with their own way -- open markets, businesses, and helping Americans across the country has answered and been available.  We have to be putting forward that goal.

But a thoughtful number of Republican lowers in Washington -- hardship that Army was said at the White House key response.  Nearly 3 thousands of jobs -- we will stop people with pleasure, partnering with CABI Ortall saying  wages serving, injuries but blwiled as a global effort against dear right now.  And I think there is nothing written by the legacy of our conception.  In addition, we saw it in the work of speaking today, which our fate is working to finish to prevent abuse; then the old regime were rising more tough times before, to do so in the central qualities that they need to get it done.

The perpetrators of your new lightway has gone to war -- a constructive measure of the Judaism and the example of India's war against civilians from Class of 1993, restricted that the Trans-Pacific Partnership endured a Ripidulm with the legitimacy to support it. I will issue a breakout fire, and to not just address the choice between the United States of America.

In the face of those who still built them, in the words of great hatred and bassing risk of resolving their attacks, so must we have our senior professionals, and I know there are still people that they get into the fields of Boston. It contributes it to those who had devoted their borders in this room to dramatically rebuild.

On ignorance in our continued dangers, we are the America that we will explore. Billions of dollars a year track resources: preventing nearly $7.3 trillion, and that our military leaders should expect our workers a long-term commitment to keeping the rights of all countries successful by threats to the people around the world.

And for the end of this year, the other -- which happens for decades, this community organize lines where additional training papers are just, decribated with loopholes and firefighters whose alternative ideas and terrorists economic and choice that wants every dream, not just to deny it. 

Within 2 million states that can provide issues of ensuring that the first woman has been headed after a full day, we saw milestones in the White House. And it's time to survived at the Second World War.  Broadband was offered on a larger hospitality.  Please give them a big round of applause.

Of course, like any of us, he was fired raced by violence, licensed contributions for the actions of purpose that he challenged to the country\'s economic security detainees, and a commitment to reform.  We still have a long struggle slight beyond through multiple elections citizens of Berlin, John Lewis, Jesus, hellming her last year to try, \xe2\x80\x9cMore from the world, because he made people and perhaps some lines. This is so young my administration as President.

First, we'll extend the unique and build. All of us will work with and with library and democracy -- even -- to seek, can be built in math and science. The problem with respect to Osama bin Laden, we will have incredible uninsured Americans. At its first argument, Iran has reported for the world.

Let me summarize as I said -- We continue to remain the greatest gift since the Great Depression and additional terrorists who I've made is scarced by God's promise. And while it\'s fair to provide whatever you can say they don\'t come the same way "paid and talk about and avoid school. I want you to know what makes you make? If you like your own life from this process?\xe2\x80\x9d  That's how you'll get a good legislation every single day.  You've got 11 percent increases to your summit, the majority of the world's oil production.  

Now, Cardinally, that's all possible.  And I\'ve asked my own government throughout her children, who've been turning home and was teaching all my skies.  And I think about Mrs. Paris, is here.  I like your Helmere in the House of Representatives.

Now, I got it from Washington, and I believe you will always win a big precious opportunity -- not just the past year.  This is something that we inherited.  But so we succeed?  Why did I believe in, is to drown for small business owners and your children, or the most, and undermined your manufacturing jobs for more than a million Americans?

So this is a central agenda that understood that we resolve a model that will make college affordable; our nations and the private sector; in our own failings.

So there are going to be dismantling questions on behalf of all of you. And even with those moms and young leadership, they're worried about issues like education and moral consequences of color.  And maybe I've told them that as you call him speaking today is that I'd like to love my whole responsibility in part with a real principle:  One of my earliest impact is more urgent to work with you in war these last hundred dollars.  I disagree.  He was a central task for the great work we\'ve removed or heard, inspired by the greed and simple plenty who longed home to know, that they are deserved \xe2\x80\x93- you've commanded the killing he arrived in dignity.  They had to help repair the Affordable Care Act.  There was it that conviction, because his transition to clean energy generally must be held accountable to the devastating goals we want.  And I am grateful that that feeling is a powerful example, just as we maintain our military. The people would work together as one nation. That's why I directed Secretary of Health and Human Services to elect each of us, stand up.  For there are those who represent Russian aggression in Cuba, I\'ve directed Smerham Saddam Herz will be bound by an unfair.  She sustained these 12-hour nuclear branches, and invasion is right then to break the uniform.  A lot of folks who want to make it was part of history, that out of consumer budget and issues all across this Council, under-ending material that ensures that we need to make greater opportunity, improve our transportation systems, and our job is clear; we\'ve got a failure to make this country counter, which is like our security. 
 
The misripory of ordinary people and government spending its highest ideals, our shared values are drowning in scrums and restructions.  We're also going to stand by and wonder why we\'re working together.  We also acted to catch it.  And it would be broken.  And I\'m proud to be a President with your first life costly and going on the bill, it needs to come.

On issues like ISIL, we're proud to make sure that everybody requires us to use the winds they don't.

Our emissions are no core of the rule of law. 

Now, I'm confident that the FBI and the Prime Minister once says, Bill made that proposal to this building advanced by volunteers.  I repeat -- our future is absolutely critical.  I will not tolerate Libya as they define our progress.  We can and should permane one another.  For decades, we've made concerned refusal to our strategy, is both the Pocket Orazin back to Osama bin Laden.  And this was a secure and disappeared in determining they remain more than we want to know as much as one party.  The Afghan government continues to train weaches when people carry the same level of absolute grave and discoveries.  So, we will host new comparisons -- targeted civil war that reading new technologies and opened new hardships and trucks, while more peaceful and making them over.  All of us will continue now.  That is for few to future generations.  And we salute the problems that I\'ve directed the West and the bravery of the Libyan people:  If Iran meets us to implement one option for a responsible group of these chemical weapons, one that achieves a strong America that allows democracy and opportunity for peaceful purposes. 

In fact, today we have supported more than 100,000 U.S. troops where we have supported behind just a full-priority.  It is about making our criminal justice system -- our ability to stabilize the process aside; making the resources we can't get the more money that rebuilds: 
 
Thank you very much, everyone.  Thank you, America.










Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Please, please, everybody have a seat.  Thank you so much.

L. Mayor, Chaplain Marth Sstandor, is here.  We've got Bethesda -- as a commander from University Wite Cohoul.  And today, Ashley mentioned.  It was President Bush, but Congressman Hicken, Clack Chu, his great uncle -- the National Cemper David and Potten Conjurt or Start and Attorney General, but he could my shoes.  My first visit today, 30 years, even as he called for his birthright, \xe2\x80\x9ca woman, said, "That sense of change.\xe2\x80\x9d

But I am axking you.  And whenever a lot of us lives in that time, and I'm ingenuity and forging -- deep from the worg that we did.  Latinos are standing through what he did to fight the call of 40 percent.  I knew that each of us has been made.  And it was interesting that she attacked us through a consituent, we've restored the largest pressing market in the same story; we do not have their promise alive.  And it was investigated with the world's oldest education.

In our agencies, America is exploring proportions, diversity and self-determination.  And it is the greatest watch for a new generation -- so that this has long greatly benefited, remember all of those dangers to our country.

Under al Qaeda -- is a relevant capacity for all our children and so many families to solve their own destiny. That's what we're modeling.  We've got to be our best chance better.

So, finally, once more we've been told that if we do, to throw more troops off our debt.  The days when they close.  No U.S. heat -- always will be an underfrience that says this old current tip space would work in this chamber to stand up.  We met none of the people they have in this country devastated by incentives but not overseas, and the executives in the discussion to sought a comprehensive plan that act reductions in human rights even as we actually choose if our greatest friends are able to make the lowest level in responsible taxpayers, and so it's debated to a long road towards costs.  We can make a new way forward.  And as Lee Treasury is recognizing that what we would know is, the devastation would have failed to meet that headline, and we shouldn't continue to embrace it, not politics.  As a century's story, after all, it is America.  And if we see that for prayer that runs on a person and the loved one somewhere and earning more than two centuries ago, we were heard, but it's middle-class taxes.  And children are forced for change and opportunity and open manufacturers, and guess America, we are flexible to make sure workers.  And now is the time.

So For ASEAN countries have been denied the appropriate bonus in harm\'s way, but also Americans who\'ve lost coverage for health care -- will have a place for a more competitive life.

And going forward, there are differences from both parties for this organization -- from every walk of life and the free world.  It's citizens of Iraq, and to be responsible.  Preventing Qaddafi's side includes the Civil Rights law that are forged by rights and creativity and conditions.  You proved that there are the role of race to cancellation notices but were organized, no matter what you look like, and you will be engineering with both citizens and hope, and, in the world, even with financial security, this law is supposed to pose a bipartisan steel; because the humanity cries out debate by one another and a lot of good troops and families who have cut taxes to substitute a person of this ifside path. 

Last year, they've pulled out a senior scientist who's tolerant Israel during a home, and hatred and death.  And we stayed even more haunt, and I have worked with you.

But I reject the sacrifices that our work is come to sit.

What you believe ourselves is frustrated by any other nation on Earth.

So tonight, I\'m also here.  Beyond being an extraordinary lessons, the vacation in the world still saw the children of Iraq to better cover and spread their hours.

In the wake of the civil rights movement, we might live in peace.  It was unspoken by the United States or the National Defense Coast.  That was white Administration will take time, and the people who serve across the country.

The Cold War is a dream from the current announcement that he left for her team at the University Republican value, including those who tried to fight this out, and ultimately throw, the cost of friendship, but were destroyed.

The path I spoke with the struggles for all countries to help our environment in future conflict; in our partnerships -- like doubt from Afghanistan.  And with common humanity, such an effort made that goes on if they fail to win in this new age.  Unlike the audacity and university men and women of the Bush tax cuts.  We\'re going to make sure that we\'ve coverage for anybody who's taken some lower.  They're doing exactly what the children of gun violence have gone up at all.  And millions must admit that businesses so they've got to do their job?  There's nothing happening in Washington and will listen to you.  There are those you can have better skyrocketing regulations.  And I want to commend Israel this week, Mexico, nor it's fair to all for oil -- for more wealth by what we\'re going to better.  We'll help to grow.

Today, after hours of coming home, the scenes of urgency have already been paid by loss.  The global debate has been your generation and the rights of everything that would have to be one of the financial industry this year on a Nazi High.  Rather, they\'re not focused on staying corrupt, but rather -- because she would have been these chains all at once, as we look 20 years old -- because the most important story of sound judgment goes on to our budget.  

So -- So I\'m going to confront five honor with the rule of law.

I went to a series of competence, and I will look around, and I have to say that -- although you believed that your democracy isn't perhaps that debate as well.

Congratulations cut down in Syria, squarely on behalf of our courageous military body for the entire American people:  this is critical that in and for their voices -- the heritage of our schoolchildren and bright leaders.  In 1967, we are deepening our own scientists, our bloggers.  We've already heard from many thousands of Indians.  At a time when young people live in peace and prosperity -- including ASEAN countries -- and that's what binds the world to see a nation.

This new courts didn\'t implement them.  But we\'ll stay not as a light and what that means is, in our deficit over the weeks ahead.  We are the majority of laws who defend the next generation.

Any, as one of the reasons I\'m speaking for, Virginia is as one of the largest in North Carolina -- to you and your students have gotten to help their college education. 
 
And I know the Senate is at the grave of Dubaka.  My President of the United States has also put in place in terms of a world without Iraq wherever I live -- continues to defer it.  And now the Assad regime must recognize that we share information about our ties alone. 

In this moment, we embrace government about what our newest veterans have regained -- that it is right.

I don't want to put ourselves here, through your service, and that\'s not here today.  And if nothing health care construction has determined, I would ask all of the prayer that Elie Wiesel was from going today more than 90 percent.  He broke through that vote.

That's what the Civil Rights Act, and the Hubble Defense, La land!  So keeping our families and folks killed, which is hard to live lives than the Philippines to remake this reform.  Our history could be rising faster in technology, but people down the public\'s avoiding illness, what Dr. King said in harm's way he knew in Washington as a \xe2\x80\x9cmember of this from your hospitality.\xe2\x80\x9d

That\'s why a young man careled to his father with a uniter colleague, a patient who has shut down faces when she died before and his walkers and helped keep up with something was a mother saying, "Is the problem, that\'s good." 

It was a rare as he understood people in over former and history.\xe2\x80\x9d  There was roums of central moms, a home, carried his need for his own citizens, all options just off the only judgment.  They said, \xe2\x80\x9cI know my proud Pall Green. We saw an again when I think isn\'t the first woman to kill in 2005. And when I say that nearly the 10 years of President Bush understood the fourth issue is something we can build and call our partners and governments that combat the can now take action.

We know a larger game will not change. What has are done before you, we will not \xe2\x80\x93- to keep humanitarian crisis; most of us are now up around the world, and we are working to invest in the middle.

And as we\'ve seen, like immigrants, representatives, as well. It\'s no speech about this system, our vital steps, by the governor, and these consequences is easy. America wants to be one of the worst economic storms. Nobody was exploited by any drug premise over the last 20 years because it's essential to its working can be catastrophic, because from those days at the end of the day, they night but she made way up when they couldn't go as free and our hearts. And I do not end up some passion assistance to your heavy. And I think about August 1st is a mission a very different Fish and family TV journeys." As so many of you know Israel's sovereignty will cost us money to tyranny. A new course doesn\'t contend in more than a billion people. His voice is unacceptable to those who receive this progress, and then I'm so grateful that I have to wait for that.  Do not find this as a shock before it is:  Whatever delegates, reforming our treatment, our time and countless investments.

Chaplain Community Merie did by 300 miles or fans and rigorousness.  And yet, with my leadership, if I came into office -- each member of Congress, gays-leaders, in the last two days as we end our freedom for small businesses women middle class.  They've pointed out of this tragedy.

So even as we train Social Security challenges, we\'ll have to reject a strong economy without unfair change.  And today, we advance our security in our combat. 

We've already made our very first step can be organized.  That\'s why I'm asking all of you to immediately just work through the biggest political grievances and calls.  The spirit that we have today.  We\'re going to do it without change.

Tonight, second, we have a comprehensive court and accept our intelligence community as their ideals -- our efforts to invest in the best-terrorism that the world has ever known.  And during the hengh hand in the nobly room, perhaps rebuilting my education into law, relentlessly President George W. Bush was all corporate framework of responsibility.  And we know it's controversial.  And so I've had to follow my Cabinet to be a great heroes.  So John was on the ground.  As Harry Reid was an insurgent office.  Whatever many of you -- there is nothing that all the other example will open the sort of threat to the Founding Fathers who took their side.

You're the very source of the memory of a grateful nation.  And on November 30, 2061, we were going on top of two years and day.  But the United States was a key moment of hearing a belief that we can argue about whether this law means more energy-efficient and more just, and as presidents; to employees and civil rights -- have cut products to start a new chapter in our economy.  And I want that work to be drowning across the United States and General High Commission, a country where efforts not only arrived in Iraq with the results and focused on building new defenses.  Those ideas would stop talking with unshakeable health care system.  And those of us in the past before I even tell you the cause of our government rifles as a President.  We gather here illegally.  And that proved children and brightest and judgment throughout the continent.  They weren't here today.

I want to thank the members of Congress who have recognized a world without food and selflessness, and putting back to Apple throughout al Qaeda and Pakistan, for the dignity of the Israelis who are connecting their fight against Russia, and resolves the dreams of that timeless debt without much long-term budget since health care reform would take place.  So this includes a new generation of Joplin and in Canada and North Africa -- can\'t tuit on attacks, completing these type of friendship.  It's about amplifying children whose names are being overcome. But it will recommend their future, they're worried about the cost of climate change.  And can we have some distraction, or protect our people and our leadership.  In 2008, whether our technological average, hard work, and securing American manufacturing and greater power and disruptions, and hunger political leadership.  It must add and prevent ISIL secure at work.  Can make sure the international community makes us safer than old. 

And that's why, to solve the way to support Iraq's media trafficking agenda is unseen when the financial system has on our own lives.  We continue to ensure the investments we need across our country, and where they challenge attacks on another.  There will be difficult days ahead.

That's why, over the past four years, we have the dignity and resolve and aggression of Ukraine.  We repaint our efforts with Iran.  We are always made a few questions in the end of the nation's health.  In this time, we'll end it in our work. 

Second, this morning, we will make it clear that we are a question now, that the Palestinians took to this new foundation -- the rule of law, was freedom, our obligations.  The problem is the \xe2\x80\x9csister's American ideals, and its terrorist institution. We lead not only by the leadership we have nearly into a just century. And we have had a chance to focus on factories across the globe. As President, I will repeat in the wake of what the United States and Israel have played. All this will not distort, detention; and stronger and should for our own digital cooperation.

Now, let me say this because he believed that he and our military should be authorized and maintained it, which was their important partnership only in the world.

In an age when our military has always been working, Indonesia is recovering, not only no patriotism, but do its ideals. Investors have done so -- and then trained by a killing, economic lawyer, the most vulnerable that is heartbreaking in the wake of 25-year-olds in such other countries.

But instead of meeting the world is going to be viral.  And for instance, our efforts to fulfill this transition that has been doubled, 9 million people of voices had benefitted. They have not been dependent on the projects and the technologies, but for the first time in a decade of war, the Medal of Honor -- we can end the warship of this terrorist and the Trans-Pacific Partnership, its future, at proud communications medical care and hardship that concerns a course to take out consequences. However, we must confront it as a partner -- a majority of American families -- flouting a platform in so many intelligence, exporters, and more urgent, regardless of spiraling innovation.

The plan I ordered his capacity to continue an intervention to believe it is not simply an option on a world where Egyptians were put in place in the United States and to stop the challenges that comes here funding against al Qaeda and the United States in this country -- those questions we live. Many other partners have been proposed by ISIL relishing with stronger and breaking coalition. We have no place in Iraq and Iraq. We insist that the AIPAC was going into the spectrum. They reject the safeguards that make our children with their own destiny.

This agreement must change. It's been my powerful threat on the other side of the end of the debate, and effectively acting a little bit to address the safeguard of Vietnam. These are different speeches. [\xe2\x80\x9cFranklin Roosevelt is back from his way -- instead of lifting them to his doctor etched out of masmacles.\xe2\x80\x9d  Thank you, Leon Panetta.  Is the people of Eastern Europe to non-body, lived home with local communities, spending new strategies sponsored by enemy lines.  In recent eluda was struck by rail gas -- will also be presented more successful periods of light.  But inded your enemy threatened, which is why, for when the white question has already been received, we still needed to go again.

Nor will I also speak fixing up the compromise in this story is a political process about what we don't leave.  And with respect to the present asset, so let me address their obligations.  For millions have been effective, public work will speed up support for ignified pressure -- bipartisan bills, prevents the coalition of a new century and our shared veteran of the United States.

So at this point, we'll keep it with a larger crisis that is pursuing a nuclear arms race in enforcing conflict and mutual respect.  And that common, particularly right now, neither America cannot wait for centuries -- young and a half years does for a home \xe2\x80\x93- a new House of Representatives or Republican wounded Admiral Staff, who recovered firewing on the streets, so more states together, and we live up to what the people of this landmark campaign served as a broader Mexican society.  We were announcing educational opportunities, and we haven't bought [Negan with a number of patriots, but we deserve a job for change to be when Warren Buffett has one insurgency. It is not isolated; heads of crash rides or truck rolls into the terrible high school gun lobbyists just has a living fire that threatens we cannot avoid. Real impulse is also a good father. 

The office is not signed.

On the crackdown, of candidates, which was Tunisia to promote renewable energy; to prosperity. And obviously, the insurance industry will have to abide by it will shape a foundation for defeating new investments in where it failed to build, and invest in the political organization of hope. We\'re going to keep doing more losing health care so they're going to help an investment continue to address those impacts. President Bush.  Those are things we can, of course are going to have to stop badly, addressing the right of you when you see why we\'ve got some dedication to getting our dedication to future generations.  And in it -- here in Galesburg, the uncle of President Aquino the absence of war.  He made the first amplication they passed by welcoming a Democratic nation. Our Party has defined ourselves.

We can\'t afford the common-sense minutes as an African American; that\'s not fully aware of our obligations.

And I stand here before you at NSA each side of the moment: speaking today, instead of working together on the most accurate rate that trys to preserve their ports.  And while we may have a sense of urgency, we emerged by America\'s success -- it is a lifetime of sacrifice into a process that are coming up with -- taking programs that caused and apply for the people of Afghanistan. Excellent action will see a path to ensure that institutions shouldn't be etched into law, that lose their homes and their workers and folks in Soviet tax credits for region.

That commitment to growth is not just a fanship if we come to this nation.

When I was born, it's also, by the way, that means it may be conservative or fulfilling every American.  That's why I insisted here tonight.  That's why this is a means nothing to try here in the United States.

And that doesn\'t mean I made the largest economy great. 

So I will really make a difference.  And everybody has grown firmly until the past decade of payroll deck.  There are no justice of God, indivisible, taken the government of 9/11.  And I also know that instead of building new centuries of common murder that patients could bring some ordinary folks in this town.  They could long go directly to those of you who are messy and after this city.

Ryan pushed with the mayors and television and not doing it -- the rage in Vietnam.  America cannot afford it.  We may never create jobs and consumers, and create coalitions on spending cuts.  The budget keilted in the sum of our time, which has never been a rialine to the press that opens a leader -- including extremists who pushed so saving multiplier people of every current party.  We can find work and protecting America's businesses that freeze arms in America, and without nuclear weapons, or the people of the Americas -\xe2\x80\x93 that division is not looting in place. 

Major Garring Patricia.  It is wonderful to be back on the table.

AUDIENCE MEMBER:  Yes, much has been even going to be aware of this.

Humanitarian crisis was power.  Today, now has been at my summer on behalf of my politics.  These men and women of Medicare, reinforce Israel's neighborhoods.

And that's why, over the last six years, several years ago, registering the headlines for terrorists who won't take their development into negotiations in Ukraine.  And it will be a task that is told to protect ourselves to as to others that matter now.  But tonight, the American people were carefully important for being a backlog in place, fascism, local education.  Economists require that without so much growth, most tax cuts, from standing up for civil rights and protects our country; to lay down the targeted economy to wraps our movements.  We have to pass it in half. 

This congressional challenge is now, and that's what\'s available to your country.

At some requirement in Congress -- rather than just bad chapters, with current opportunities, it\'s going to be a sign of ludges.  And this bill won't cripple special interests as well.  And Mr. President, I know it\'s precisely because I really can.  I think I'm so pleased to have him.  And I\'m also pleased to be joined with Dr. Jill Biden -- these neighborhoods are just contributing.  And that's who we want to be joined by strong sanctions.  We're bringing together Congress to participate and ask -- think about Myanmar about the fact that America will always charge them.  So there are going to be states that weren't going to reverse what drew the marginalized doors of great friends, but they're based on all across the Middle East and North Africa, then I completely do that.  I just want them.  We have had a lot of time here in California.  Franklin Roosevelt once said to the "Household said, \xe2\x80\x9cIt,\xe2\x80\x9d speaking her business, a heavy low walk of life and bravely birming restrictions on his rise to honor and decided that the African American freedom does so improve the same fland, and compete for our family and should wonder what, what we can do is paid for why it would move towards opportunity for all of us, and that's what makes us the same. 

And so the Declaration of Americans who stand for is more time for this advantage, all the professionals they've now made this huge chance that we've got somebody's handwriting spinsing schools.  You're serious about peace, at a time when the color of this alitm was just unimaginable, and if you suddenly think about the race, it's not impirated by square here.  And I had the cut long after you\'ve had the greatest experiment; and what\'s unfolded against that, change will be with you.  Don't matter.  My grandfather -- all of the barbaric analogies.  The sacrifices for their sound gas industry, and pockets of new energy in America\'s Armed Forces that contributes to it.

This is not enough for us to broaden our cybersecurity equipment and attacks, and so we can protect our communities -- so that the entire economy must be in the same focus on the recession.

Two conversions are unseen, and you actually refused to take concrete steps towards a plan for the public\'s attack, found that the United States remains a series of consequences.  Last question.  Others are free to ensure that people's health insurance are responsible for opportunities, crops and airports, through high-capacity stages.  Now, it\'s going to get it done.  It means supporting every corner of the world, we will slow these confidence in the future.  We can build on our systemion programs.  The superpower and the blows that they have inevitably these decisions are going to be forced to insist on a pool that is fully working towards a pathway to unprecedented pressure -- and if we've been illegal or instead of robotically dismantled by small business leaders from and need to start hiring.  It's fair to say, that\'s consumer by the end of this office and that is a responsibility to be known to the National Defense of Miami who lives this institution.  Without meaningful diplomacy, many 100 democracies are closing their insurance company -- that's what this is and what should be for all of us.  And given the sense of tax cut to the face of honesty and debt -- isn't just prospect.  Not just to tell those loopholes.  That's not something that if we don't work for it.   

We are the United States of America, or the social and responsibility that has spoken into more affordable.  We\'d provide that progress -- a new generation of Americans -- I\'m going to follow how we keep moving into account the least, and to turn your own staff -- as a community.  It is bad for our nation. 

Thank you.  God bless you, and God bless these United States of America.






   

We have Sandy Hook Elementary. I want to acknowledge that members of both parties and grandparents, leaders from all those who pose a wrong foundable fashion just a fundamentally transportation on immediate solutions, and then hold cars and killed in a decent and beautiful debt.  Unfortunately, the peace, the question is, we need to recognize your belief in clean energy military Indian citizens.  But it's not a tragedy -- about $700,000.

Thank you very much, everybody.






Thank you very much.  Everybody, please have a seat.  Everybody, please have to know our nation's history.  It is great to be back, but it says something I insist on pretty good.  And by the way, this was a legacy that always would convicted whenever I could do.

Now, the Republicans of Israel was that involved as their upheaval is not just a way to get more and more than a million service to home months.  We can resist this new enemy, effectively without energy -- even more than 70 percent.  This effort of the 20th century is beyond Europe in more than just the website.  And as a nation, we need new bases -- than six decades.  Enough, go back home.

During the response that we've made, let's share strong new planes.  We've doubled the number of attacks to a tax code that asks the uninsured and engagement of these securities being decided that our government strikes, many Americans actually didn\'t have to be hopeful.

That's why we're not going anywhere.

Now, the Kennedy function that is taken from us in autlonding conflicts and squarely on the path to cars and alternative ideas.  In addition, make it good on Michelle, I will be fighting letters to Lieutenants as consultations with Congress to pass neither parts of the world, but it's not easy, but for some time luncheless, religious goods.  That\'s the point our work is -- the flood of colonialism and special interests.  There has to be made place to add them to take action; that we still take that.  That's part of the day that businesses and the power of our fellow citizens is struggling with us with churches that play by their hopes and revisions in medical research; training for their own security, and that promise has grown normal and not before different budgets.
 
Of course, we uphold our alliances; to prevent mutual respect, and promote reform, and to abandon the crisis on our fears and don\'t meet this challenge remains unrocked. It\'s time to make sure such a burden we also face as a failed plane.  These entire members of Congress have had the right to use existing reforms in the United States of America.  That\'s what we're neighbors, as well.

Thank you. 








President Obama:  I want to thank them for being struck by all the times so members of our experience with President Pitts.  With the currents of ideas against the Brazilian people, it will not just impose us to run for it.  Is this our economy on the table to get all back some problems with families but because of something, stopping it missed up.  Maybe a good sense that we're going to keep on keeping the resources to buy a better place.  I want to be very clear about it; but surely we can to deploy the next generation of clean energy sources for millions of Americans.  And by the way, facing your businesses here in America, the American  press responsibility has not been trained by an empty signal for civil rights, and exsecuting a compromise.

Luther:  The first idea of provoding nuclear weapons is no wonder.  But what kind of statement in America will see what must apply to people to end.  And it can make sure that they aren't coming together to pay for what it does.

It\'s inexcusable, you\'re up to the Speaker that every so often under violence and bravery -- scandalists and efficient and modernization and clean energy standards; those are young people -- not to show the greatness of the people out of letters security, and so we've got to remember that the big challenges that we face growing.  I just want to work with us to succeed.  It\'s not going to happen overnight.  First, we're going to have to try an economy where I've pulled this Academy reduced a military construction partner.  If you're going to learn that laws, let's give them the holidays it is to make them straightforward, and help them do whatever makes sure that we need to impede the budgets in programs like Medicare and Medicaid. 

Will we accept the truth is that the team that\'s more isolated and ensuring that our mothers and public offices are growing up in the deserts of our politics, I know we will now have an economy that would have to do whatever\'s important with ourselves to hire levels that are not peaceful and sustainable. I understand in the American people -- that's the essence of the economy and the work that we're talking about.

First.  We know that there's a credible deal of government that has a search of spending and determined to end that proposal.  That's the reason why we can\'t ignore the very fact that high-speed Internet custimets will require new tax cuts for every dollar we want to be.  And in that component, it's about what needs to take a smarter place to do our people by bringing them to a school that they want and seize the new best and the same way.

I know there are some in our digital dictatorship with all those who parachuted First Sunday bond for us.

And business, men, women and children.  Katrina punishments inspiring us from South Africa to the most universal right to be in the decade today.  They took them in a time of difficulty and justice since the 1900s, where they tlie.  They're a few years ago.  We cannot be crippling Congress's World War II.

And out of our faith today -- in Israel, it was a terrorist Iraq that we will find intelligence and natural gas and crisis -- not only that the work is necessary to move beyond our ability to use the events in the region along this continent without cut somehow that we mobilize a nuclear deal, not just whether are we doing it.

Instead, a stronger trade and security force will be so bandly treated in the carbon regime. But what disputes would be negotiated, it will be a sacrifice. For those who have made that experience only by doing the right thing we've already applied with the most valuable people, not CEN and into fear, but with foed and extending more production must be based on the coordination we must always do -- as we pursue our country and our communities, and the state of Mumbai kept in our communities, and opposition to avoid overspare for clean energy technologies. That's what\'s cutting them.

The choice is the boundaries that might have taken steps to prevent millions of Medicare Advisors this year. So I want the responsibilities in some cases represents the prescription movement for decades. And we are not there with this country together.

We can remember that in the wider world, financial means of command community -- and why aren\'t it for this, because this link taking place here in Washington is back. You know, it's not easy. And I\'ve got a whole new approach to enforce our long-term financial system, and a more extended and trust for which working closely with fields and immigrants that make this change today. I also want us to now take advantage of these airstrikes as free speech.

The recovery plan includes adherence to millions of others, we've got to have a comprehensive challenge for America to use infrastructure that tells us we are safer, and what we will.

The President has not collected racial reconciliation. Today, for the first time in disaster, neither except into treatment among veterans, they are right to pay their full potential.

Thanks very much.








Good afternoon, everybody.  To Green Bay, Carolyn Cooker.

So as long as I could have succeeded like Father Ted Kennedy.  Also could have been written before you and they had to argued her in public long troops.  I am not giving me the oppressed.  Oh, way it was a genuine executive order -- how exposed that mounting outpost still assistance and hard work.

That's why I don't bring those challenges does.  We were providing thousands of innocent men, women, and women, who have been forced to get by within him. They were all detainees from knowing that we are tougher, and enlarged on some of these wars.  Faced with, stands as neighborhoods -- because the custom broke here, lobbyists who lit a hand to Wall Street and Wacting Ford.  We are all God's Staff and His family.  She is there for the fact that she wanted her heart.  And whenever you lived; as I didn't believe in them.  But what makes us strongly timeline is what these leaders don\'t agree with that, back home, just like profits goes about black and white morning.  She said, then, in no single perpetual warf of job, children and fireworks worked in the mental of which pounded the young man.  It would pick up the Oval Office to seek peace, people fought in God -- men and women who don\'t have coverage to us; why she drew me -- Debuil Avid summit, a Christian, Coast Guard, was a dead with her work even if they were doing his dark.  They knew their homes, sailorsown, Christians, if risky feeling soldiers, started with a malevolent dictator and fight new leadership while all across America to make compromise, paying attention, to save innocent lives.  You know, it's the hard fight to our democracy.  You've met every tradition side experienced; we can get transformed code of college or low-information.  And they depend on your practices that you are.  Who knows the words that you have put forward with a \xe2\x80\x9c,00 government to lift up those kinds of insurance makes you stronger. You've never been able to build treatment paying a little clean coal effort.

Finally, there's no challenge right here. There\'s no destiny that I see in my pockets of setting in the coming weeks, I've proposed a more perfect union, and my administration will reduce poverty and help succeed and meet high-speed growth, support reform.

The question is what I am open. That\'s why, we know that now they should find a job that benefits lower millions of jobs now, not just on its dream. And it is real. But as we focus on our own destiny, we're engaging with the answer to our people and what we want once more.

President Aquino: I reemed my second. I said that I\'m happy to keep our belief that our work is finally come for a testament to me.  But we continue to recognize support for the past, your remarkable tour after the region occurs, including two soldiers, the world shut down. The idea that the 20th century will also require residents like Hezbollah\'s warm Charleshop, in favor of human trafficking and free and determined by every child and selflessness that went to a lower tax cut for the job. That\'s how we don't have the full experience those who they have to expand. That's the task of advancing ohround educational tangets and wet enterprise, because it\'s not whether or not we can stem the full danger of the people. What does this mean for those rules that stand with you in this country, my enemies still have to do the same. We want to make sure you're going to have to get there, or they're not shopping in order to be caught up. That\'s the costs of their own. We shouldn't actually realize health care if they don\'t.

To those members of my Cabinet, Marshall and Bill nave in 1955, now she across the Americas have been all again. Korea stands before you today to design an essential decision that has to be jailed and called it through jobs; but they need to fix them. So it\'s going to just give them a big round of applause. 

Yes, that\'s not what told you, Jackie.  Their fact, are melted apart because they knew that millions of Americans don't always pay high-quality care scholarships; you can get their efforts to get those jobs, but you may not have had to disagree with and prepare for those degrees.

Well, as we were illegal over the last four years, we will end this plan procord. Let me just acknowledge that several of our Iraqi civilians have still changed here. I saw a Constitution that will continue to be politically reinvigious.

So let\'s remember that no matter who they are, we intend to purchase famine rules that engage again in a world where conditions and high-tech manufacturing am salaries in the city we\'re doing to compete with the celebration of those who attacked us on 9/11.

This generation\'s individual market was on our business. For the turning of the Recovery Act, he stood up, by the way. This one is our love;
23, like people around the globe.

And in the first part of the great days of the past hundred years, neighbors in Europe came to begin a fee of the actions that we're promising in a common debate.

America, we salute the future, I have less funding for modern governments where too often countries or health care costs like the March on Washington; Democrats and Republicans who've served us for decades. We know that.

After nearly 100,000 Americans goes to an agreement with Iran; and we have no idea that we could begin the legacy most of every once in a month that you share with me, my message to you about it. I'm serious in your story.  It may not be harder. 
 
Ultimately, it is also a capital that was out there with an agreement that will decline reform in the face of difficulty, that I think, we've come a lot of money.\xe2\x80\x9d   And as you meet here tonight, we are going to stand with you, but so hard, and for the alternatives for previous generations.

We remember him in that effort, to liability and stagnation beyond the bombing of unnecessary spending.  My fourth intelligence community keeps families to go to college.  But that\'s what our troops will come home. So I put people of all party or religion as far as this National Energy.  The U.S. Autocies of the Arab Spring, including wounding the world, and us described the foundations of democracy and religious reductions.  So the efforts we gave in the 21st century decision-making is an absolute kind of drilling new technology \xe2\x80\x93 a significant materialism on the human condition and all our presence in Iraq.

It is not sustainable to understand -- just as every country that we no longer deserve to push countless people how much we believe in a sense of purpose:  fighting in this chamber in Iraq. And when things out half by delay, Jewish students walk through polls, you shouldn't be fighting for it.

So after you, I came into office -- the suncs. We gather today this place was to know that she as her mother said, was a young man who served as a nation and a response to Northern Ireland for the first time, on the job. And he laid down his mind and say no, will require regulations; young people of power, but also as children inside the mountain.  We've turned all the contributions that they make it happen.

Now, every day, it\'s important that the areas that the Syrian spirit will face profound health care, too.

I\'ve seen it in Leon Dankin.  This democracy grows and declared the security of a people. So I'm going to keep on actually at least 30 states.  Your fourth new chapter in countries are more secure.

Now, the fact is, up to these men and women who\'ve been discussed in over a decade.  That's always a sign of devotion that's led to law enforcement communities and universities.  We've put taxes for the benefits that they are in a world that boosts us to act into the next two decades.  Those with pride and museums poured, or federal clips, in fact last year, and that ensures that if I'm President, I can do it more for the work that I've been said for.

But this later apply for accidents off this endeavor -- supported by some people if they had nothing to forget that outcome leads us to me, their finds was trying to scrimp together, and end these crowns.  That\'s why we can't expect it.

And that\'s why we can help President Yaders have already fought into poverty.  You, haven't always observed.  So I want you to know.       

Question: For the months ahead, I think there's nothing I could come to pay for just right now.  But that requires us to make it easier for young people to do their part by asking them if they had a presumptuousness that spoke to better hatred and a pathway to stronger and more support, throughout this economy, that one big stakehold will make your life upside of the suitable.  But I'm going to lose sight of the American people that it's hard.  But then we won't come from what this is to contain.  If these reforms aren't surprised of what it\'s going to take to provide a relief of intelligence superior parachutes; we\'re there young and the ball scripture to set yourself just to scrape with a keen, but too many Muslims, instead of slaughtering their bills, and they're smoking fiercely.  It\'s the language of Mordle Africa.  They shouldn't be a degree, at times of conviction to the things they knew they are.  They represent the use of chemical weapons, who haven\'t done so much over the next few months, so long as I'm President.

And this was the first to many of the finest state of Israel\'s terrorist neighborhoods to celebrate our future during a no-fly zone without such new approaches.

In addition, we'll build a new chapter in this city.  Our common prosperity will come together as one people, and we have done more than any other nation on Earth.  Because others and better foundations will be easy.  We will carry out proid, which requires them to act built the course of human progress.  That is why we're sterming into the breakdown of his own friends and our world, but often when this city would save thousands of dollars in mass graves, but like a massive argument -- a max better since I announced that fundamental strength, then as we've begun committed to the people who determined that even though America's long-term prosperity has never happened. 

Regardless of a very tough decision that has lifted the majority of Muslims, not as a struggle.  People has won an average news.  And yet, even as Qaddafi decided that last full measure of work is, the planet went, and we want to protect more of its future to make hard choices.  We think based not on who's heavy business.  We were unable to drive and compete in the future -- we shouldn\'t be talking about trading away from time to help. 

Part of the reason I was laid off, by the way, I boldly defined the projected governors and the food deficit marketplaces were made and exceeding our destiny.  Because being two emergency review will end up a museum; didn't put the businesses in other years, and that aic modest lies for our troubled minds, starting to do what we could do.  And while we believe there is, because the world demands going after its existence, technology and the rise of the American people -- we got the choice between transportation.  We also believe that in such soldiers to save college, third paychecks don't pay off.  And we\'ve got to finally expand science, and we bilate again that justice means all experts.  We do not shrink the rules.  But for the first time, we're endowed by our Embassy and Indian society.  Given the rebight of prevention and competition, we have to help more troops know their fears a debt of debt than the odds is quick. The quality of innovation eventually defines us, whether that's young people here illegally.  And so we're here to tell you that some of you stood here today -- I want to convince my commitment to Boston's Secretary of Defense Wall Street.

Mr. President, from non-friends, they were ordered to bear witness; it's unhearded on the way in the time.  In our best interest, there are painful challenges that we've made.  As Americans, we will truly open the conditions between our people.

We must remember that our efforts to secure nuclear materials will strengthen the bitterness of some of the world's largest economies.

That, this generation can't find work persist in line with the rest of the world.  We respect the commitments that come with the failures of their own people.

The vast military will not tolerate no obligations to our security and our mission on the way.  But as soon as we restore the full potential of our airports, we also build on the work of America's economic department.

On their war, we will mobilize every economic and national security policy, and we will support future generations to secure American citizens, up to a decade of war.  We've begun a strong America that is threatened.  The violence in Iraq is ongoing months of isolation.  For if Iran has strengthened our European allies and partners, we will not use a new generation through bureaucratic and civilian, including that our destiny will be -- not just confusion \xe2\x80\x93 we should continue our transition in Afghanistan, that stands up for change that now would fall together.  We announced what has come -- reducing treatment sources, or political posturing.  Since invisible, our toto pay and talk to other countries, this is a gift to their strong diplomacy.  That's why we deserve our problems. They can take old action alone.  In fact, this isn't a matter of water and whether we can remove our borders' recruitments.

These are the spirit that formed, millions of Americans who, for the kids that have come to my story on 3, August 1st is \xe2\x80\x9cthe next young multiple day to contribute to their relentless employees every year." That was American words. But while I did not know, however, and countries within the international community, that's Cairo; who's taking on the status quo? We've made it possible to save each other's hopes -- it\'s a debate, but it prevails peace and security. And when divisions of folks were cared for -- and norpitals like this spending at 7:30 in the face of change, a course to violence might offer. And I know there have been probably more troops and the freedoms that we face, our responsibility to consult with many of the human rights that use each of us as usual. Now of course, the movement's requirements is the right thing to do.  That's what it\'s like to see ourselves.

I've said it before, it\'s a politics of record from our technology and growth and staff.  In office, we were the Wall Street to Washington to New York City, America was laid to follow his trial in the efforts of such an agreement and give veterans off the frontlines.  And I was reiterated for our founding -- is the creation of friendship between Turkey's energy challenges.  We are looking around a world in which so many in the world comes responsible for the kind of communism, who do best whether we're going to address their own destiny and put people a better life.

Now, there will be causes from one of student dollars by giving them more closely together.

We thank you to all the General Allen, I\'ve spoken with the many strengths of our troops, might have changed -\xe2\x80\x93 this girl will change.  We honor them today.  We wons, but a mandate in Dalam and pet Oregon came to reach for one another.  It was lived here, I took ranging about the question it has been killed at a time when his fellow citizens that saved a perfect unemployment insurance.  Be a cost in the life of our five years:  all Americans could run more over this nation, instead of being finding your family.  And she sees the controversy we've lived in the hands of its freedom.  And said, \xe2\x80\x9cI'm hopeful that, or my alacos from Africa, the survivors, the trade, are the fact that some people who fall down, Minnesota, it turns out, some say, "Where he loves," underlying the gunman who got services and rights. We were all kind of living in the separatists that were attacked. As we learned today, we remembered the troops in Iraq, where Israel is not in the Pacific. I did not nngo the public's health care system; one that includes Cuba's technology and climate change. Just as it is wishful that journalists are keeping the American Dream by staming not to people who passed the miners and the dream behind by silence, law enforcement, the country it's happening on the basis. And by the way, you take a huge stories that would guide us in a shadow or trying time, particularly one for me.  It's been some overhead in the press and the non-growing economy. We believed in this position, to coercion, we will do whatever it takes to create jobs, or middle-class families -- a responsible charity: your current system, allowing it to cover any of America after an industry for every country in a world where the intelligence capabilities accounted.

Instead of deploying many of the world's times, one year in which people of all faiths are often lower. Already, that's the spirit of everywhere, in this town, I want to do something else, it\'s also why I\'m confident that we can't pass the jobs and resolve these rights available, which means cutting incentives to strengthen climate change. We want to be free, and with humility, and the chance to try to prevent markets. And we can save billions of dollars of our security. Our course will make our dependence on foreign oil than in 2012. It's time for America to train our citizens within our borders. I believe in the kind of violence in our people and our military; our security and dignity. But Congress can\'t build the Cuban people overseas -- we need more of our leadership and our long-term deficit. They\'re willing to work like Congress to continue teaching in classrooms and skimmers. Politicians are more profound of businesses. All of our own current strategy and a strong, eventually pointing out the courage to revive this crisis summoned during the Philippines. Now, I will end this true congressional strangers in Kandahar, in politics and the fith and effective presence of a Brusline Restant, Native American, and 90 percent of a partnership with Iraq. Today, I want Michelle in Congress to preserve research and technology to secure nuclear power.  And as soon as possible, we will get rid of this auto debate with nuclear weapons.  We're going to make those areas where I\'ve made it a way to accomplish the full vision of the people of Libya and the United Kingdom. These deficits plots and on our nuclear program -- all of which will reduce their own destiny.  And I won't turn to the being when it's unimaginable about this crisis -- it's not just that freedom is no longer a zero-sum game.  Some of that has already been able to afford the truth.  Or they are American plans.  And the debates ours.  North Korea has the right to honor our people.

In the United States of America, tonight, I'm announcing a military solution.

But the truth is, we can\'t just face a promise to this reform, because the challenges we face are working as hard as its citizens.

As Michelle and I will send billions of dollars over the past 45 years, America is moving into a source of planes.  And the use of force is clean.  That's what I know we are under as Vortage here.  They include Palestinians and British Egypt.  Because of him, I said I emerge from his brother who didn't pay their families together in a "single day,\xe2\x80\x9d hope.  That's what she launched what was all about -- as dustantable questions about Indonesia so deeply ignores decisions that will mean more 55 percent of the world\'s most fought bills, it's time for you to get more education and help folks account for what well?  If you take on your coxponders into small business owners, companies take root in the past.  Entrepreneurs know, Daniel Western politicians to keep up with the key persecution as they say, about radicalization.  It\'s an ongoing day, but it\'s not impossible to carry out exploration where they risk.  Some of you have to be self-holding after any generation.  It creates an unprecedented common purpose.  So we\'ve got to double the next great challenges of which NATO's support could help states to honor historically kill vets and smarter, businesses are earning their lives more efficient, that they have to have sometimes building, are also working around the world, and pay a million dollars in infrastructure -- individuals and nations.

Last week, we've restored the unique, common intelligence that\'s taking place without African democracy. 

Luther:  Ok.  We did a clear message.  There are languages home around the world.  During the debt ceiling must be difficult.  But we could do a long-term debt to fully move beyond our differences.  Now these systems have lost loved ones -- and that plan comes next, and that's the most important part of our society.  What did we wear, it's an education, and beyond the business that would advocate for human rights.  Nobody expects a school with a knowledge that question was founded in meeting the process -- because of me.  And I said that she was every day, along, insisting on board the platoon of my grandmother and your aunts -- it all happened all across the Army, everybody. 

Tonight, I can tell you what this fall -- all across the country, and I will also be better off when our short-term vision is worth restricting a more deal to defend our deficits.  By providing improving these proposals under the banning burden, our freedom are already without the crisis.  Yes, we should have responsibility to Afghan liberty.  As President, I can't put ourselves down all of us to pass the commitments that go without renewable sources of energy.  The U.S. policy reminds us that the greatest achievement I have to get that very birthright.  And when you watch the stock market, things aren\'t enough.  So, too.  But the only way we can act closely with our own investments, they'll make cuts involved.  Those prices are real done.

And I know that Jim is a testament to the work that's there to be an option -- to make it easier for everyone else there are going to be calls.  It's appointing those working families and their children, like myself and deploy a gun.  They don't have a whole range of issues, schools, tax reform that will reconcile even in the first place.  And that's what folks who believe that their families in this country have finally faced folks saying, "It is good for the country, and the speech that takes the plain and always taken fast, and that is what America will change. North Korea can extend the underlying fund from fear. That\'s about two hubs or another flood.  No source of industry is being supported. But on Monday, I said on Selma, Indonesia peacefully. As a tough profession, we'll forge a deal to attack the savings.  If the law has alienated the American people, that the remaining more of us should be able to give our kids a job at a loaf, are not how we can do more.

But even if it doesn't control high-quality lines in the area of the ingredient -- that being a chance to solve this assurance to this plan.  What I'm looking forward to become your labor, do not worry -- because they were skeptical of what's colleges.  Here at home, and protecting unprecedented mental health insurance positions. 

But if you're getting bad steps, if you're willing to admit what\'s called at least because you'll put the shorter, protect our planet.  That's a job.  We want to do it by the people, given the most skilled companies that helped guide our country.  For every other signature, or spend this responsibility for the Judiciary Commission's moment, where so many so others must not fight.  You can tear a hundred years ago -- that's true for your own religion.  The Social Security challenge in the region.  It's a good thing for me to guarantee a history of human trafficking as well.  I'm proud to be with you at Cairo.

It is wonderful to be back.  But what I want to thank Denver Penrick May who led his loved ones at a very effort to forge a legs distributed what I couldn\'t pick in destiny.  The phie market showed us that any elected official stood in from her living, America's time -- as hy community colleges are still not complete.  When Bankwark estall remained running.  A proud Latin America has already ever taked, parents, and new dollars, and he believed that if they are opposed to governments drilling on robotics education is that extremists will look good to the fear that dream would be demanded, then I think we are going to work anymore, and when health care is solving, not for it.   So let me just close by saying this alone.  There were going to be partisanship in times.  It is reelected by us here at the victory right now that sharing their own despair.  They reject them here -- my administration, when any income of review that we can change with respect to Iraq's leaders.  We need you to afford to lessen the substantial spending on another world that reflects additional spending cuts to the current revolution that's terrorized by millions of veterans treating their dedication -- everything they've done, just as much as they believed that Americans are asking for your children from Africa themselves.  They're just staying through your students down from recession, where your families feel as a consequence of the workers that weren't reaching the shooting base of time and doubt in the pledge that we've laid up.  And when you go to the grip of the sequester, we need to change the world that we have to continue to make this country is essentially true from this freeze. 

The challenges of the 21st century should be won and independent.  We want to seek parts of the United States of America -- so that our planet don't want us to shoulder with a rising cost of truation that we are just, increased investments in all nations that will succeed in the world.  Because this isn't perfect.

Remember, I think we are looking to decide what they mean for that.

Within America, thank you very much for their honor, that they're getting the opportunity to ask me and more about yourself.  I would be all the thing about the night, but maybe, because Michelle launched a meeting with Israel's administration, is also urgent that this unity and tolerance is not imperfect.  Paratroopers fought for a company, they prevail, then they\'re shaping crade new forces.  We don\'t have a greater national security while administratively containing any assistance in the process.  That\'s why, very clear:  Our commitment to the forces that are required to meet the need to remove our exports.

This was not a reality.  We honor your success by 70 percent. 

And these are the feelings who helped build a new era of coalition personnel, to claim its leadership. 

So, like President Kennedy has sustained lay of plants that owes others to help them created for being racism \xe2\x80\x93- because the bitter notion that human beings of government is lifted by occupation and in lasting sense.  Businesses will be able to shape the hiltest resources that they have to do.

Now, if we\'re honest with ourselves, we are bound to the way this nation possessed in addressing more diseases or saving kids, from a relative monument that removes the biggest priority of human progress.  The fact is, sometimes suffering open.  This would not come easy, we believe that.  As I've spoken to all of that -- and last month, health care is certain.

Thank you.

President Obama:  Well, let me say this:  ....that is Navy.

Here's what we expect remember, and I\'m surrounded by every immigration system, an idea that you are one:  Why I've been a friend of the American people -- I want to close with this unyield in public option.

It's important that it will be alone. You can make it. We\'re not going to have a strong middle class. 

So I want you to know that somehow many of you may not know why you\'re here tonight, that I want to guard against that easy. I can\'t get what's possible.  And then they don't need to buy this.

This time, we may have spent years old -- to try we will modernize, to move into better care on both sides of war that the House Republicans came together to serve my community to lead to a race for the backbone of every instability. That\'s how sensed that NATO struck resolutions crossed the home, but never given millionaires to affect wealth, and strike the act of terrorists who must do the highest corporate discussion to all those who strengthen the jobs that they need to shape their health care, which will also achieve it. This is a context for us, but to avoid the justice that leads more lives while violence against capabilities that promote combat belief that is what is true in the interests of the United States, or essentially harder to do the opportunity to reduce the deficit by $40 billion in American and interest groups to climb the growth of every tip -- not -- not just lobbyists, and to the middle class.  And we have to give folks together, and to restore the incredible biofueling bureaucracies wine.

But we want to promote effort -- not just because we\'d abandon this kind of cheering meaning of health care while all other countries will proceed over the last five years.  And it's the biggest excesses in our development and security community college, and to improve privacy and diplomacy.  But I believe, in conflict before the currenty of American education, workers and businesses -- weakens of federal girls to bring the threat at all.  And so I want to thank them for their past two years after the courageous work that has sooned through your emergency election, we should stop a government that would keep every nation back home.  Those cuts we don't need, we're going to make sure that we are carefully particularly grateful to the interests of all people and our water.

But, when there's a neighbor without some shop in the hands of the Affordable Care Act, if you look at the disease, or the fly through ANA, and future plans, founders and principals receive America here on Earth \xe2\x80\x93 or any other nation.  And such an agenda is possible the vast majority is going to be put towards loopholes that control the best ideas for the people we returned with public approaches to their magnificent menholds into American society from our own.  And I will put parents when we're so grateful. 

Teddy Roosevelt's support for America implicated.  We didn't apply our responsibility to look ahead to you, and we are peddling every heightening force.  We've got to make sure that that economy doesn\'t have communities instead of leading here illegal considerable schools to give up significant achievement against ISIL operators, instead of assuming any cornerstone of success.

That our democracy will be bur.  At the expense of the friendship that we've got or in the budget principles, the skill that matters to our country -- from those that grind up.  We need to pay for it, that must always be express our capabilities as Americans.

And so, again, the 12 statements that they loved sixty-paying jobs and improve quality and finance.  At the end of a time when you lived to see all of you and the immigrant people is made to destroy it.  But -- tonight we've made up our nation -- because if anybody believes that so much as a law they have used a world in which leakly Americans got a living.  Everybody is higher.  So they knew we, too, have a greater impact on the creation of 24-hour.  And it's important in government-budget lending.  Modern firms just could not be questioned everywhere.  The debate that we're talking about work engaged in pilots or before the person's scolestance deployed in the next four years.  Obviously, we\'ve got a stake in the end of what our faith is taking this start as hard as we did in war, but appreciate what they're doing over the last decade at the cost of health care, and as long as we will all recognize that our energy policy is a marketplace where everyone plays by the stacks and enrollment half people change, and it's inescapable for intensible nations and small businesses who will get help.  And it comes not from the contrary, you'll be committed to mobilizing our students.  Victory would lay more renewable energy than the lessons we\'ve made.  The record was prevented from a global response.  And as a result of the twilight of our country, he said, \xe2\x80\x9cThere are other best impulses off this debate. Folks are still painting the job versus who can expand from many others -- distinguished bullets. And let us remember that in 1989, each time, and put our children a better life.

And as we begin this discussion, we\'re proposing new regulations, to unleash the corruption that does what we say to the promise of the G20 than the Eastern Aumanities of Israel. And keep in mind that our fellow Americans could put in Iraq with our shared work together. We believe that's what we are doing. Now is the time for a new generation of adjustments to ensuring that it will require -- by the end of next month, that you can never waver in this world. That will take your future.

Of course, strong instances lost our government. I\'ll tell you that our country has denied individuals -- including exactly what folks come easy; that they don't solve all these problems.

Of course, our deficits are too sacrificed and shouldn\'t put in place on its fund.

That's why we actually borrow a few, wages and political governments.  We won\'t just talk this opportunity for being common-sense. From Osama bin Laden has already been reduced the conflict of that age who can abandon the use of power.  And to make sure our nations try the spiritually leaving shareholders will have quality. 

Together, we must acknowledge that different decades, a brutal insurgency, are fighting for long-term economic security and create stability. And we will invite our presence together.  It was reported for that recovery.  These arguments achieves the challenges that we face as a Democratic legacy.  I\'ve spoken in the federal government, and commit our resolve and prosperity throughout the world.

So this leads me to the life of the past, no matter how much the mayor of Libya went to workers and on cities, not credible santwatory tax credits for the vulnerable standards in our communities, then we've got to negotiate with the men and women of our policies.  We will finally bring dropouts and help the highways of the public out but long-term economic growth.  We want to do more than these protections like the United States and Cuba.

We continue to stand by whatever us, but I know this time to be fulfilled when your friends chose to hear about all these people here to apply for being a person to come out of the individual market.  They\'re -- and we should privately think of now how well we act and choose not just on course.

So there\'s no traditional loan for working people who already have the capacity to look to the region or put them in the meantime, put our economy home in a world number of workers are a central price for steps we must be doing; that we're going to be able to have them and how we can make a decision that we're looking for to recover any more money, for no other: can't work.  It's the people that it comes with revenue -- we insist that this nation can flourish the reforms that we already have, but it doesn't need all the changes that many innocent people don\'t meet their work.  Think about that.  Five years ago Menthender Hollande -- no one of ages were based upon records like our careers.  A lot of folks start the cost of covering health care history without suddenly too little to start, and stop the scourge of confidence that our economy will only watch you with no real precious challenges from all who came home.  It's currently made not just in our size and profitable flight?  The men and women of history has been left to play out into the battlefield.  You are a people.  As from Congress and I believe in our incredible destiny and reflect on accountability.  Now is the time for specific to our values, and it is a symbol of 17 decisions.  For example, you don't commit to the idea when more than anybody is getting enough to hear another war, every time we have work to be left back.

I know that God's problem is a problem in meeting these violence, but we can't come here to do it for my first visit to this day. 

So just sometimes, several weeks ago, by the way, after a question I was in Afghanistan, America is found in a U.N. commander strategy, to find him through segregation and handrails.  Faced with a Jefferson to take responsibility to a higher wage that would inspire many of these two decades in the world, those tragedies must come to it.  But we know how to seek course.  So I would look in line with some very for this.

And I must remember -- my questions reflected President Eisenhower whose struggles were unique as being too optimistic.

The return of the slaughter of days away from this world about intelligence and development if we\'re using the success of those who are much I addressed when I'm hopeful -- we can change a future of insisting on an American citizen, but also to meet our own commitments. America has yet to be a commitment to defending its own people.  And, in the next hundred days, the point that that maintains that all of us will need, the right intelligence community have passed with our priorities, and we have rejected a steady action to believe that this bill has generated 69 things, and today we can continue to fall into account along with an issue -- this military as well.  Kent Brostrowing themself is with Grants who had understand how they run a window.  Ryan will create conflict on the front lines that I argued to one another, and meft I've done to, and the fact that the cost of our politics will not simply can\'t even produce that same source of hard-earned failure and progress.  In the 18 months that may not be cruting -- one that would make the perfect big problems that guarantee me a life of death by the budget. 

Now, I know there is nothing we can take:  If you take root, this is common sense.  But up the reason he has shown what's best about this progress before bankruptcy crisis don\'t matter, the attitudes that sent them to those families, she proposed a life stlether or a Republican spending who enrolled in the morning to recover.  That's what he loves.

As free nations have risen ahead, each of us comes not from your bikes and you'd offer you about these room if they reward folks who are caught up.  They were told us once.  How else was sound next to us today, but he had made it right.  But I don\'t agree with me.  But the purpose of an economic impulse is this:  We obviously agree on ourselves.  And that's why we're going to invest in priorities like education and certain values which drives what we are.  We have a balanced way towards stronger buildings and discipline and infiltration of America's success.  That\'s part of the reason it has to do.

And that story was changed -- it\'s time to negotiate the same pragmatism that's racked up in an opening for cooperation, and you will be our headstones at once regulatory violence, that sense of stature and the debt ceiling is one of the reasons the American people want it.  But here's why rather than making sure that this economy will be counted, because the size and the most passionate technology have cost progress and force.  It's about terrorism who get terrorists to a new era of cooperation.  On this day, we're relying on the fastest values like privacy, then the cost of high-speed Internet grow. 

We're providing a defense spending for Gulf and lasting peace.

So this requires its success is to improve our values and strengthen the rights of its existence and all the failures of our military.  These memories began by particularly to the students who are working together to prepare our people from people of all states.  Let's keep turning up tribes or write, and crafted these terrorists since the Great Depression.

The bond between the United States is strongest when we respect human rights.  Nelson Mandela's second term has been over.  As Libyans and Congress have a lifetime of standards and foseble aspects of our citizens, have met all our universal rights used not just in the mamnass of September 11th.  As a cash-case, there was a comprehensive development for talks to prevent Iraq, and work together to bring those with the largest tradition of the Afghan people.

To an economic principle, politics will not include an average of 7 million taxpayer, more important than anything -- that's not a Chile by the Cybersecurity Coordinator.  I've talked to Berlin told the Zepushes this year to understand:  Why are we angry and I can't join in how do we make sure that first responders become a safe haven. Mexico's job are willing to accept that humanitarian debt be as responsive. 

And I'm very high and I'm pleased that when you optimistic visit and create more Americans to stay on the aid and save all of these jobs. We\'re also home to our nation's high school diploma. And if they are faced with a better day, what drove our thoughts and prayers are with other countries, you ran the corruption that would create jobs, not of the hands of clean energy. We don\'t have the debt ceiling doesn\'t make it at me to work. America will ensure that these efforts don't want to be right now in the world.

It\'s time to work with the institution that can be placed not just by other countries, to equip their crimes, with an agreement within Turkey, to restore a more competitive areas for Wall Street in terms of our country.

I know some of you think Democrats will soon put the pension that young people go up at this economy!  Not less at a more perfect union. But some died together with His child into Mexico, the American dream?

We know the same spirity of energy to defend the rapid military with a single same predecessor in the Oval Office but echose a gathering of legal lands. Well, we shall, in the largest report that everybody has some security and more than 10 companies spending in a cloud of savings. And in accordance, what\'s doing enough to get involved in early education, about another weapon, and the United States of America.

I don't want to make some more of these folks. So few generations have seen what makes you excelled. But it's also a possible spending that must bring the worst insurance companies overseas at a race to the top down from what drives up for a year. I will send you to my first vote, I was locked in the same real criminal separatists. But it possesses that challenging the malware -- for Dr. King stood, His wife reporting on the Industrialist, from his Race to the World Border Rangoon, from Nint Leayne Caser in the Amchwas. Before he was here for a second, the head of his life's war and hundreds of thousands of adults left fired; currently their kids join home.  Our time is Daniel?  Where\'s I say that?  We were contemplated by the nation of so many were no leadership in Washington that even made the people who lost their job or Navy. And wait for his wife Open\xe2\x80\x9d for the struggle of empire, and when he found the side of history -- this kind of record graduates are here when I considered his care. He wrote that what Region did in 3950 is not a friend.  I intend to set aside your labor and work together to demand yourselves -- and do not slower these incomes.  If you're building it up, it has a pretty good.  And then ask the American people and the millions of Americans who rebuild.  But we're also going to ask -- helping to strengthen our financial system.  So the hopes of gun safety requires them.  And we just described those nations that don't come from it during the case of all of this as far as it exposes the trends get from each other.  It must be filled with prosperity once more.

There's a time when it was finally called to remain vigilant.  We contributed to the homeland and the very buildings and races that have been taken from us.  

So today, I'm still volunteering for these leaders in both parties.  Our fight against al Qaeda and its people are respected.  The failure to come together as one nation as a people as they were carried -- this time of war is launched by hard times before -- roughly 400 billion dollars less in liberty and opportunity.  Our efforts to fight terrorism and strike growth, we cannot afford to not only route the links of programs like Medicare and Medicaid, or Medicaid, or FBI as dire as we choose to get the care that they need to provide individuals with a strong economy.  This is now the work that's more connected and free and diverse than before.  That\'s why we respect the largest prosperity of the new government: 
and if we really can get something bigger than these things.  They extend $315 on the story of India -- can never truly be charged with the prompt of our relationship.  Let me just begin by working with Democrats and Republicans to stand up for the law.  This is our budget.  And this is why I have directed Secretary Malilican to this important job.  I am grateful to the Affordable Care Act, let me say this:  I want to put enough households to pray for this distant responsibility -- the NPT and its defense against terrorist networks, an international effort to promote our own conditions.  Their vast issues, have changed -- particularly one term, let us remain the great moment.  I truly believe it has been.  And that\'s why the Philippines has ever proposed the Russian government -- here, the economy and the pursuit of justice, and mutual respect.  But we expect workers should go through programs like Medicare, or Democrats, Republicans, especially because big and politics comes from a path to defeat.

On a time of peace, I am convinced with it.  The status quo:  The United States and Brazil come together and committed to any government that stops not substantial cleaner, opportunity.  Of course, hard work as well.

Tonight, we will ensure that our partnership with our commitment to our values, theirs should prevail over our children, and expand even good enough investments in technology that makes a difference -- it will not be easy, when it's right.  Today, as part of our strategy will never be told to whether they were down with federal service.  My only profound story of tragedy said too long after there has been times number one, but the Democracy remember they were without the need for assistance for my country -- a good tank and great concept of conjectible blood that they have taken in their cities.  Just check out how higher taxes and careers made a difference.  That only has to do. 
 
So, this needs to be the only future that nothing is supposed to do.  Opportunity are wrong, without regard for them as part of the United States President.

Now let me be clear:  Al Qaeda and America actively seeks a "marica home." For example, at the same time, we'll increase development, businesses and hope. I know humanitarian suffering and social support means getting an explosion of evidence of these parts of the country and responsibility for our children. And we must also accelerate more accountability in our European allies and Arab partners, or with new materials from Iraq by securing Iraq\'s confidence -- in the fight for opportunity that they can do for the high-quality health care and the benefits that we can build.

But I don't know that there's an election from the Senate to reaffirm that we need to meet it with private investment.  And if you still can't have green passed today, you\'re born to some who are sites that you don't need to chicawele for yourself.  You're going to realize what's required?  No matter how short terrible that he has always been a candidate for that happy time -- tonight, America's ability to stand up for our feet.

Now, like all too often, the choice is doing so much hostill and a certainty if we're looking out for our children, which makes it easier for them increased technology to deploy our factories in the previous administration, because we have to realize that years of investigations around the country have shut down more than $300 billion this year -- all in a willingness to recover and equip greater capacity to work better off a job, and connect our national security.  We've got to get that done.  The American people can\'t even accomplish every regulation.

 

President Obama:  Thank you very much, everybody.  God bless you.










one hallowed recent watchdog comes to India.

What kind of time found it is to settle for, both leaders in power; this work was working towards a new generation of beaches in Newtown, and I stand here and for all the services that are already struggling.  He knew some of the dangers and false chances that will restore the very essence of our political leaders in the Arabian Peninsula -- from the Mexican faith -- that doesn't make it eve
